You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , most read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and no one has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a epiphany generally is something that fell down somewhere .
You just have to turn on the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio , Ohio , Ohio .
When he was beaten up to bleed every week in the bathroom , until a teacher has saved me life .
She saved my life by letting me enter the bathroom of teachers .
I was doing it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm as adults as adults never get to know .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to do this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> , and we care about her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And so , as the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , he became a <unk> box , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was the circle had closed , had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was done in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life needs .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I was talking about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature , and that 's all interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can , quickly , I was trying to understand what was in front of me .
<unk> around me <unk> water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't even more than thinking about a snowflake about another snowflake as a year after year .
<unk> are born when we fall from glaciers or break down the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of them refuse to give up and hold on to the end , while others ca n't stand it more and they 're going to be embedded in a very dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see a iceberg , that are isolated and alone , as we see us sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum that 's melts releasing rich water from minerals that feeds a lot of life .
I come up to photograph these icebergs as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are that way , and they wo n't exist in that way again .
It 's not the death when they melt ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of their way through the life cycle .
Part of the <unk> of <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of years old .
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are a iceberg that photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually be able to see a rolling iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see the left little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is an eardrum in Greenland , average size .
<unk> water about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so just just just like , the iceberg with a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby , OK .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stand too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention to you .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the sperm chromosome is linked to the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the sperm chromosome is linked to the X chromosome of the egg .
Both of them turn on , and it starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my floor , it takes two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm an historian of training , and what I study in this case is the way people come up to the anatomy -- that is , of human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered body fluids , the idea of the body , what they 've thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is the activist , as a patient 's advocate or , as I say sometimes , <unk> , people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with fraternal twins , two people within a same body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people are much lower than the average .
And I 've been working with many instances of people with outlier , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male schemes and conventional female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> involves many ways .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways to have a sex that is not being sold in a standard or female forms .
So for example , there 's the case of the individual with an expert named <unk> XY of the chromosome on the chromosome , and he tells the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which are formed .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes are producing testosterone .
But because this individual is uneducated , the body does not react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops on following a course typically female .
When it 's born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . He 's raised as a girl .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something is happening .
After doing testing them testing that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has a testicles and a chromosome .
What 's important to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , as men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider myself a typical woman ; he does n't know his <unk> structure ; I think a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> and respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me have the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles who have the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old , born and raised as a male son ; she had a girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life as a boy , and I had just found out she had ovaries and uterus .
It had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
It had been 20th chromosomes , and in the womb , they were so active that they were essentially creating a hormone hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically male .
He was born with a kid , and nobody suspected .
And it was at 19 years old when he started to have medical problems caused by nation-states , when the doctors found that , in fact , I was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , is to say , have <unk> tissue wrapped in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason children with these kinds of bodies happen to be dwarfed , fraternal twins , or <unk> are <unk> to <unk> surgery is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they are <unk> to various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings into a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you have a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept .
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children that are born like two people within a same body .
The highest case is last year in the past year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> ; it was in cloth of trial in the Berlin Games in Berlin .
Many journalists called to ask myself , `` What do you test to do to determine whether or <unk> is a man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to you to the journalists that there is not such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't traces a line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are who we actually draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go through science , the more we have to admit that these categories were made stable anatomical categories that were labeled directly with categories are much more than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
So , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimps .
What about the fact of the fact that they were <unk> from them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science more and more in an awkward zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that <unk> are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our culture today , in the United States today , are the struggles at first and at the end of life .
It 's hard to set a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There 's very <unk> discussions today -- not in public , but I know within <unk> about when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question if someone was dead .
Like a lot of him put a feather in front of the nose , and if it was moving still it .
If she stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them into another body .
And , as a consequence , we need to address the dilemma of really somebody 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
I 'm progressive , I 'm fighting people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I got nervous .
It turns out that these categories are much more unstable than we were thinking about .
It 's going to be <unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of Parents .
I know they were racist , they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , which I find every while watching that `` 1776 '' and not by the music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with Parents .
Parents were , for me , the first activists in the anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected was an anatomic concept , and I would impress it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept it for 200 years .
And as they all remember , what our Fathers were invented was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic notion of anatomy .
The monarchs did not know about DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming in the way of the blood being passed from the grandfather to the father and then the son , etc .
Parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new mindset , and that concept was that all the men are created equal .
They set out the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that cared about was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences . That was very radical .
And in part , they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system that were happening two things .
The democracy was happening , and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of Parents , that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power transmitted by a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a concept of concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And they were passing the idea of the anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights Movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened next year ?
And women succeeded .
Then it came to the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people who <unk> <unk> , who said , `` I 'm not a woman ? ''
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights Movement , saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are <unk> at the anatomical coincidence over the anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should go through the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that at five years old , they were supposed to have sex or married .
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense that I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep them and if you make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings , I 'm going to go back to the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both of them <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term : March 1 , 1980 .
By the time we had been born three months before Mary is attributed to all of the rights three months before to Henry -- the right to the sex consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age , but because it was born after .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man -- if I did n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered man now is <unk> the mandatory <unk> of that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , on his hand , does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can get married in all of the states with a woman , but Mary can marry one woman in some states .
So there are still categories , which in various ways are deforestation and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went through both in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based on the anatomy could be done ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position .
For example : Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome out of chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't test people 's exams .
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you about the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I 'll succeed . ''
It says that we should judge people , `` based on the color of their skin , but the content of their skin , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yeah , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out as well that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be involved in this to get people 's rights to people , because I 've admit that I know some of the <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , informed and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than people from 40 .
So how do you put the theme of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me asks what if the character of a person could be in the future being measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue to conduct this current of thinking relative to the issue of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 'll do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian , where a man who is being attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to have a sex change in which case it is allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context of a surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd done to give birth twin twins to then pick them apart and thus grow their fame .
But when the phone asked the reason for the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused and therefore he had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers tremendous possibilities for people to be who they are without <unk> to change by the sake of the state .
So I think we have to be on the head .
Well , to finish , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about parents .
And I want to think about what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we 've given more involvement in the Mothers .
And I want to say something a bit radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical anatomical ones , particularly if there are people thinking .
Since years , since I 've been interested in the <unk> , I 've also been interested in looking at sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to care about those who are <unk> into the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew that I was interested in feminism , <unk> myself , like <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's about feminine feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism .
But the more I 've been thinking about her question , the more I 've thought about it , there 's something of us in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male who makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So if the dads were very attentive to find the way they protect people in the state , it 's possible that , having put more Mothers to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with the reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : to think less on the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So while we try to create a more perfect approach , think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work , we have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , at this point we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count on a single city willing to get themselves .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth much more than their construction cost .
So we could easily plug in the world tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But I just took out of buildings of apartments .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments already will be owners and that in the other half are still not going to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to make rise in all existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and areas surrounding them have the rules to avoid the discomfort and the building distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all those <unk> .
But they could go to a totally new place , build a completely new apartment building , and as long as the rules of that place to build up the building rather than putting it out .
So I proposed that governments are going to develop new big reform zones , big enough to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities under charter .
Later , I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75 people would come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a <unk> crisis .
In the next regular election , <unk> showed up <unk> with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under charter to its most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all of the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like the norms for progress , and they 're usually the norms that prevent us from moving forward .
In 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent me to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December , we met in Miami , in a hotel room room .
I tried to explain to you about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York City . Notice , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a fairly abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the Talk TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was describing in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where you start with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are going to be made there and an option so that people can choose whether they want to go or not to live under those norms .
So , President 's president called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country forward .
He asked me to go out to <unk> and I would talk about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver , and the white line is the new airport that built in Denver .
Only this airport is over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , we have to start with a site that is measuring at least 1,000 square miles .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
All the world <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the public were really serious and attentive .
The Congress came up to the platform and he said , `` Professor Morgenbesser , thank you so much for his talk , but maybe we could see the video of the Talk TEDTalk .
I have it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that might be able to go in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it would also include new choices for leaders .
Because civil government leaders would need help from partnerships from partners , they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the charter , so they could all rely on that the charter to actually be done .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily take a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly later , the 19 of January , voted in Congress to <unk> his constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow to create these special development regions .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , the vote in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All of the parties , all of the factions in society , got it off .
<unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
The 17 of February was approved again in another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the ballot , 21 to February 24 , a delegation of about 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are more interested in developing cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new city center that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after it spent four years to get permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and they 're thinking about a place for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come , and eventually it would allow them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court of the last place for this new justice system .
There are planners and planners of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know they have already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are a lot of companies that want to move in the Americas , especially in a place with an area of free trade , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to get a job ; sometimes they 're single mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even children who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases in a decade .
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What does it seem to think about insist that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and it is that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , to wear , and more recently , photograph and publishing on my blog , bold and different , and different for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is second hand of <unk> markets and second-hand shops .
Oh , thank you .
<unk> shops allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and my wallet .
I 'm going to get to know people <unk> ; usually my money is going to a good cause ; my appearance is unique ; and buy it becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Would it be my size ?
Do you like color ?
Do it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week of TED .
I mean , what can you get all of that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
Went inside for exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else that I wanted to use after arriving here to Palm Springs .
And because they do n't know me as the woman who walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons in life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this journey of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call it brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
The whole thing , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've ever used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost <unk> impossible to be a bad mood , when you 're wearing a bright red pocket .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , you 're also going to get bored .
<unk> : <unk> the child you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to be a game of <unk> , or I remind them to be seven years old .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you 're looking good with something , it 's almost safe you are .
And if you think you do n't see you with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until 30 years that I really understood their meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , you do n't see you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : <unk> gold are all over .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style , and it 's a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just because of what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , in Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to hurt these things , because around the corner , there will always be another crazy suit , colorful , <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive .
So , where does your brain solve this scale ?
Some of them took one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a large fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not to be mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need pretty much logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We can play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a intuition that you can have developed with the age of the years is the one that says that one thing can be in one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember watching a kid playing on a parking bar .
It was a little boy , and he did n't do it very well , always fell .
But I bet that playing with that bar of parking I showed him a valuable lesson , and it 's that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , play with these strange little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called it theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , it was the physics of a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But not needed to describe the big objects around us every day .
I did n't fit into my intuition very well , and maybe it 's because not very often play with particles .
Well sometimes I play with them , but not very much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody has ever seen a particle .
But they did n't fit to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I set out to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that it 's been in an overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green spot right in the middle .
That 's the little piece of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to scale it a little bit . It 's found right in the center .
And then here we make a good approach to small metal <unk> .
What we see is a little little little little piece of metal , with a springboard and a springboard , and that stands up on a platform .
And so I did this almost in the same way that you would make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a form of swimming swimming swimming , which is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs some help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be on an elevator with people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't want to bother you , or actually freak out .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> objects of inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines the light and the wind moving on their side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to drive all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
So we took the lights , then we introduced some vacuuming and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it down to an temperature of less than a degree at all at all .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the small piece of metal is free to act like it .
So we measured their movements .
We discovered that it was moving in very strange ways .
Instead of sitting perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way that I had <unk> was like a breathing of this way -- like a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth push , we were able to make it <unk> , and we do n't prevent it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you about is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and not <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case : all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still , and at the same time , those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those lines line .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Seriously .
It was a clean thing in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one single atom and that little metal piece is more or less the same than the difference between that little piece of metal and you .
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part that speaks .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we lit the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are just crammed into a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more than that , it 's more profound .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , they literally define who you are , and that 's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And then 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss who is here and that allowed me to get it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo of the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story explains just this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
It was a lot of education <unk> -- I do n't have access to a lot of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the wish to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Well , I 'd better show you the demo to tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Gogh .
I will actually enter one of my favorites , to <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click , and <unk> ! We 're already inside the museum .
No matter where you are , Mumbai or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Would you want to navigate the museum ?
We open up the plane on the top , and with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
Go forward . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> . ''
I see the most + sign .
If the museum shows us the image , you click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the information about metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you can actually get with 10 million pixels .
It can zoom in around it very simple .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression is no price .
But if you really wanted to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I came in and discovered that children were actually playing something .
And I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , who is actually hitting a <unk> with a Tuesday morning .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get into even more deep and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take away the image , so you 'll actually see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 'll quickly jump at MoMA again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find detail .
But what if you want to see <unk> ?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` The night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it like this before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely no matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and I 've created this function that I call `` the power of zooming , '' we just made a zooming in around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , you send them to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like by looking at these master works .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they even do n't come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its artwork , and it 's represented appropriately online .
And the big question they do today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon .
I have something to show you .
Think about it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the children in Italy are growing up with this picture in his bedroom 's wall , but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened in the last two decades in the last two decades .
There 's a long time ago , if you wanted to win a year of Formula 1 , take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you would win the career .
This is what , in engineering , will become a real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered by networks and electronics .
They 're becoming open computers .
And like such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As aside , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the crust of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all these detections , <unk> are coming into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibit of immersion <unk> for the late MoMA on MoMA in the summer .
It 's called `` Talk to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , they start to speak to us .
In a way , it 's like all the existing atoms that are existing and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
It 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo was carved the Moses , it 's said that at the end , I took the hammer , and he threw it up on Moses -- -- you know , you can still see a little bit of <unk> , and he said , `` <unk> , <unk> ?
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , hopefully 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , played in Italy , France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , at the end , I won Italy .
Now let 's look at what happened that day by watching the activity behind the Web .
Here we see the city here .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> river .
It 's the morning , before I play .
The time line is at the top .
By the afternoon , there are people over here , and there 's going to be called , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> of Italy .
<unk> ; people do a rapid call , and they go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time ; second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She won Italy , yeah !
That night they were all about celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day they were all at the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the minister .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> , Massimo where , from the Roman age , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how today you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't have been able to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume them .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you assemble it .
But we know very little about where things are going .
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the garbage on its shift through the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently a year ago , to tag what they were throwing on -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that we 're going to be able to see .
And then we put a little chip , a tag on the trash , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results from that .
From Seattle ...
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're happening complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that <unk> <unk> does n't go away , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we dropped a day , it 's still there .
If we show that to people , then we can promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about detection and a lot of other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of town , who came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join to that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine that you have a trunk and valves , valves , <unk> , which opens and closed .
It 's created like a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If the pixels will be written in them , it can show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can pass , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked a lot .
And I would give you a commission to design the building at the entry .
We call it the Digital Sky Act .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors , no windows , but when you 're coming up and opens up so you can go through .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you get down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days there will always be somebody in the winter when you go down the roof , somebody who was down there , and he said , `` <unk> the building . ''
No , you 're not being demolished , but when it comes down almost the whole architecture disappears .
Here 's how it works .
You see the people who are going on what happens inside .
And here I am trying to do not get wet when you try the sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children in <unk> came to the building because the way you interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to let you go , but a building that was still making cuts and holes in water , and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think of use that people will give us our designs .
But then reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact with , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that they could have little helicopters on the air , and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , which is moving with each other in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A flexible display like this with a normal display in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where it changes is light , not the bottom of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears on different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that would be a <unk> cloud , which you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to the bottom to form a V , like before .
When the light comes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them being controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an input coming from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers in today , the New York star in New York City , and La Scala of <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input to <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left see the pixels , it 's caught in different resolutions .
It 's so much digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can <unk> all the movement .
You can go around the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as possible for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our environment as a <unk> nursery like breeding , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make all of us put them up a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two years is that , in the last two decades , we spent from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible through the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> us , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this might we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow it can be to address today 's challenges : think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the cloud is a cloud cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but of the pixels .
You can move inside , having different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics in 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a way of connection with the community .
So it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can climb up , like a new top of London .
You can go into there .
Like it was a new digital headlight at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just some changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in a better way , will be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure themselves ?
What about good health ?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative .
What do you want ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few people -- probably the number of creative people .
That 's very good .
How many will you choose memory ?
A few more .
What about the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something about this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor 's look at it .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , which also <unk> in the church <unk> Church , he wrote a trial called `` Nothing in biology makes sense safe to daylight . ''
But if they actually accept biological evolution consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is others about others or us ?
This is another look the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the one that we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor about modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
At the interval there have been maybe 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and come back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same .
Do you realize that we can tap into and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , that comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria , you know that we 're all taking into the more bacteria than the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think about -- when Antonio Damasio asked them about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that they can want without their effort .
It 's really like a quick thing for bacteria with the occasional occasional disruption of some rush of some rush .
But so on , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what is the future lies ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , something perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe in the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as one single one and only <unk> -- and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you enjoyed it .
When I first went to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , every cell , just divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
He enters the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death of sex ; it seemed quite reasonable at that time , but with every year that was happening , he had more doubts .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still acting in Las Vegas in its 90s .
And one night someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a nice small dancer of clothes .
He looks at it and says , `` I came in search for a `` sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal of evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to make us healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted you to live more and healthier .
Evolution is going to move the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you 're like <unk> <unk> , designed to send the genetic burden to the next <unk> level , and then let us fall to the sea .
I think we all understand the feeling that put Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily benefit the longevity .
It does n't necessarily benefit the biggest or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest thing .
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that they would produce , if there were fish there , fish bind to vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what this means is , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase , I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that it 's not going to be <unk> .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning is that through medicine , first of all , we 've been known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made up our environment so that they were adapted to us as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're getting so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happens .
A second possibility is that there is a traditional , natural kind of evolution , dictated by nature 's forces .
And the argument here would be , that the gears in evolution will slow , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when as a species of <unk> planets are going to exist to exist , and environmental changes that can produce natural evolution .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing , terrifying possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but detect and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we 'll take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
So first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what 's chosen to the individual and family level .
But also think that if any of you can choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in their own body making the genetic modifications to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce cancer risk or remove the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 , and 13 years ago .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year to have done , in 2004 , could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of three <unk> pairs of the human genome at a cost close to $ 20,000 and on a week .
Not a lot of missing to make the human genome happen for $ 1,000 and getting more and more at all .
These changes come from .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us themselves , but they 're going to induce other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in course with the flu flu flu cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's actually today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
So imagine then , only other little changes .
Can you change cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells from their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , get rid of diabetes , remove the risk , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want children healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to have <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings , especially if you were able to get it up with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why not have a faster <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions of going to pass this to the next generation , and we can take the attributes that we want to become the evolution of before the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it up to 1,000 years , and maybe it happened in the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren 's grandchildren , they 're going to have before .
Are we going to use these options in <unk> of a better , more successful society ?
Or are we going to get selectively choosing different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more bold and more maneuverable and more maneuverable .
This is the kind of question we 're going to deal with .
And most of all : Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or worse , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in <unk> .
It was the only one who could talk to the flight flight .
So I immediately looked at it , and they said , `` There 's no problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already scratched the airplane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Often that 's not the route .
They 're taking the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and without noise .
And then he said three words .
The three more words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before you die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to have , and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we put up the George Washington Bridge , which was not for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great fact .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and with my mistakes , I 've been trying to improve all I did .
But in my humanity also giving my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that did n't matter with people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I do n't try to be right ; it 's going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock goes down , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the <unk> water .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break into 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had a feeling of , wow , die is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness <unk> in a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my children grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first degree , not much art talent -- still . And I scream , I cry , like a little .
And to me , that was the whole reason for being the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , the only thing that matters in my life is a great parent .
And above all , the only goal I have in life is a good parent .
He was awarded a miracle , not to die that day .
And they gave me another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live differently .
You 're flying today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens to you on their airplane -- and please make it like this -- but imagine , and how do it change ?
What would you do , they still wait to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would its relationships and negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
Clearly , I 've been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the coolest thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the 1980s .
One day came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I 'm wearing tingling in the legs . ''
And that was the start of ALS .
Today , we have complete paralysis today .
You can only use your eyes .
Her work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so that , obviously , graffiti is something we intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with it and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't it that you saw Stephen <unk> is not that all of the people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important and having a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate then ? ''
Did anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- they communicate with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented to the only wish to deliver a check and instead of that sign a check I had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed to her brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make his art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has both in their interior ca n't communicate it . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research , who have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw on it and the negative space record .
So they go around doing art installations like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a cycle of life .
They start with the sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to do art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and a lot of it to move things on one side to another , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of insurance companies , and we get a machine so that it could be able to communicate , a machine like Stephen Hawking 's machine .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call him <unk> because when I talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you 're like , `` I do n't do it . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all the world 's <unk> world to our house .
My wife , kids and I , we moved into the garage back and these hackers and programmers and programmers and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid , and when they were <unk> would have taken the frames of the walls and then there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping shipping tour , my son was part , my dog also , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> . And you can see the description .
They 're a couple of <unk> <unk> that we bought on the shipping coast of East Beach , some of the copper wire and <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it on a light of LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free -- and it 's building yourself ; we published the software <unk> software .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital I can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much to you .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the large opening .
And after a year of planning , two weeks of programming , sessions that all night , Tony returned for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the hospital out of the hospital .
And he turned to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to disrupt the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I 'm drawing for seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater , and someone would finally come up to me and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
It 's a sense of our war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a fingerprint .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've won a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
<unk> were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 former inventions of 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up the <unk> is that in April of this year , in the center of the MOCA downtown , there is going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of the urban urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them will be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically , this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , nothing was possible at the time .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something , and I would tell me with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we find ourselves with something that we 're feeling to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations that are generally very difficult and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine .
Film and dangerous war in war .
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at first , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career I 've been focusing on very awful situations with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that attractive , interesting , and hopefully , analyzing them in a way that looked useful and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and sponsorship it wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took a warning at <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered it for sale on the name of my TEDTalk 's TEDTalk .
What I had was the next thing : `` <unk> your <unk> presents here : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and according to content , I could put it in the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it . ''
But saying this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot of them .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked him a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell them for certain .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we looked at the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could do it , for something that hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that was about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that whole film is funded by products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie ever sold , '' is that everything in the bottom , of beginning to end , has some brand images , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the X <unk> .
Now this brand , <unk> Michael , <unk> Center .
These people were going to be filmed by this film , forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant .
I 'm a deceptive person . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . It was more emphasis .
It was `` A contagious . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X <unk> , but we 're going to make sure all the categories we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you 've used ...
The most great car that you 've led to `` The largest film ever sold , '' the best drink you had drunk from `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life , to make them shoot the film ? ( MS : <unk> the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , in the beginning .
And I would love to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how responsive the people are going to be .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make sure ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C. : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard for the meeting with them , but it 's certainly going to be worth teaching a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment to get the film to look at it as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be difficult to sell it , by the film , or do I ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So , help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Good . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about which brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge .
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought `` off the camera '' meant we have a conversation out of a microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` we do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all of these companies suddenly disappear .
None wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising was to introduce the product as as much as possible , to make so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today is this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media , is n't the idea of counting with that new vehicle that 's going to get the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had an <unk> mistake , and that mistake was this .
Actually no , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for images from Google ' at Google shows -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like to roll it up , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free , simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen ; they 're easily characterized by the visibility or access of information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , maybe the biggest problem , maybe the biggest line is perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name the name , the president , even the CEOs name it .
But suddenly when it 's trying to make something really changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary -- like that rare bear that still remains .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural road .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is something risky ?
I had a whole bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want you to tell <unk> . ' ''
We want you to tell a story , but do we want to tell a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me at some lie -- and he 's his looking at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
It 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , would have to take the proxy and go to businesses myself .
So what I started to tell you all about a sudden , which I started to give me is that when you start talking with companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant , and others who make small movies , independent , like mine .
And my friends who do Hollywood Hollywood , giant , say the reason their films are so successful , it 's due to brands associated with them .
And then my friends who do independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically what 's in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see your deodorant .
Any time during an interview with somebody , I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you , you know .
Maybe you should get a little bit about this before the interview . ''
And there it will offer you one of these fabulous scent .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` <unk> of paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have a little man as a woman , solid , to <unk> , on a bar , as it is .
That 's the look general .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at them .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the smallest type of movies that you 've made , and we 're more good at a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So do things like that , you know , to remind people to people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would use to describe to you ?
We are in white .
KF : KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : It 's higher technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think that cool is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat smell and sweating . ''
It keeps you fresh .
How do we keep them fresh ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those which highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man on the street , to people like me , to the ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , punk <unk> punk , unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : All right , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : unique . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style that I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray gray and things like that .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand a brand , it might be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I 'm , I would call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In a hippie , in part of <unk> , partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
It would be <unk> toys in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because deliver the commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we 're not all able to get Tom Tom , but I often have a lot of <unk> at the intersection of dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed someone who could get into my head , somebody who could help me understand what they call the `` personality personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that brand personality .
If they could do it for them , they could certainly do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family photograph .
A : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people form my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case , they start and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is the best day of my life .
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like I want to be me .
I like things different .
I like things weird . I like things weird .
A : Tell me about `` why '' -- what does that mean ?
What 's the poster ? What is the beheaded phase ? What <unk> you find is now ?
Why is it important to reset ? What is the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
It 's a little bit more than you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be scared . What kind of mountain mountain are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was a lot of madness in all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , on your brand personality , Professor Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They got very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies will only get into one of their strong points or on the other rather than focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's nature 's <unk> to avoid the things that they 're not secure ; it avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually getting something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can see , also , Target , Mini , Mini in <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come from , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : An <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to give you your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more like a top-down attribute ?
A little quieter , reserved , conservative ?
High attributes are like being playful , like the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold as <unk> <unk> , fast or agile , dominant , magical , magical , magical , magical or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more <unk> ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , provider , protector ? You identify with Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , reliable , secure , sacred , <unk> , or wise , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies , bottom-up and descending , they said , `` No , '' they did n't want to form this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mostly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we get to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing centers as to film .
We went to San Paulo where they 've banned advertising by free .
Throughout the city over the last five years , there are no fences , there 's no unregulated , no recourse .
And we went to school districts where companies are getting along in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The incredible thing to me is that the projects I 've had the greatest response , or the ones that I 've been more successful is the ones that I 've been interacted with with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the <unk> , they took their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies have no best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try and directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , which is going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how have they gone ? They succeeded ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the film was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film still does n't get done yet .
It 's not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we 're talking about , they 're going to be part of their customers .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that on those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you bring people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think when you train their employees in loss aversion , they 're preparing their whole company to be a reward .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take chances .
We need to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities they can <unk> .
Ultimately , I think we need to give it place to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . It 's at risk .
From one <unk> at once , we need to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we have to house transparency .
Today , more than a little bit of honesty is going to walk a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` <unk> '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for paid dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in large opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents , `` Transparency . ''
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So Morgan , in the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a remarkable question .
In my pocket , I have a check for the TED genome organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars to be applied to my attendance next year .
The idea behind the I.T . I.T . is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we were able to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective <unk> virus for an engineer used to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind us .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages <unk> , and the Iranian nuclear program is taken ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discover this .
When we started looking at Stuxnet about six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing you knew is that it 's very , very complex at the Windows part : <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what was going on with this .
So they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a lab rat that did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It had no sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a targeted attack . ''
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is actively searching in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If not , Stuxnet does nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than we 're going better .
And so we pulled out and put it out of the attack code , and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small one .
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had the whole internal information .
We 're going to take all the points for attacking .
You probably even know how much it fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard about this , you know , <unk> 's <unk> is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack .
We 're talking about about 15 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old language assembler .
I want to tell you how to make sense of this code .
What we were looking at at first were calls into the system of the system , because we know what they do .
We then were looking for <unk> and data structures , and we were treating them with the real world , with potential goals of the real world .
We need theories about recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable white , and it 's certainly located in Iran , because it 's where most infections have been <unk> .
They 're not found several thousand goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant and <unk> <unk> plant .
So I told my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and power plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
So rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can break it up and even make a centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal goal was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to come back crazy , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> looking at the data and its structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started looking at scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what did we find in the attack code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had with hands .
For no misunderstanding , it was n't like this .
The results have been taken over several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> in dead ends , and we needed to go back .
And yet , we found that both of both digital warheads were given to one single and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall and making the rotors and then <unk> , and the big <unk> is communicated with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry that other goals are to be asked by Stuxnet .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors , for example , of pressure sensors and the vibration sensors , and it provides the legitimate code , which still runs during the attack , with false data data .
And believe it or not , this false input data is actually taken by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during the robbery , the safety camera is <unk> <unk> .
It 's great , huh ?
The idea here is obviously not only <unk> the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine is speed , you have to open exhaust valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then you can go through bad things .
The plant can explode .
And I would n't have the security system and you 'll notice it .
That scares me .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It might also work , for example , in an energy plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like disseminate this load with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms to get them .
<unk> as possible .
And if you made that , what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with a large number of goals .
We need to deal with the consequences , and better that we 're going to start preparing now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been done in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What is your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yes . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can carry on and give you <unk> skills , or another one that will make some lawn chairs and come back and walk back .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different than something you put in the morning , it gives you a great force , which also increases your speed , and helps , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign things .
This is not a false idea .
To show you now in what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , should take on their back a <unk> load , and they 're pushing them even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic pain damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help help drive the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> -- or <unk> Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton I can carry on 90 pounds of variable land for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to start crawling in and run movements with great agility .
Let me tell you what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So , it 's a reality .
So let 's go back to the users of chairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , on the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage in the spinal cord that when you start their life -- 20 or 40 years -- collide against a wall and the wheelchair is the only choice .
We also talk about the population that gets older than it 's added very quickly .
Their only choice , many times -- by a brain injury , or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , from its success , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> who is using Amanda <unk> who ran 19 years ago , and as a result , he could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has sensors .
It 's completely no invasive on the crutches to get the <unk> signals on board , here on the back .
There 's also a few batteries that give the motors to the motors , and on the knees , and they make it go forward with this soft and very natural gait .
AB : I had 24 years at the top of my life when I was , by a strange leap in the air , skiing down , skiing was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all of sensation , and all the motion of the pelvis down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 're never going to walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
I stole my stole up to the last bit of hope of me .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn to <unk> it costs in <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride in your hand .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not only soldiers , but Amanda , and all the wheelchair users , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I just came back from a community that has the secret to human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton off , they practice sex to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the festival of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet his cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos of forests in Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made a lot of emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos are showing us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large guys , terrifying , the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the jungle , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has evolved for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger to the survival of the Bonobo .
Trade meat trade and deforestation will make you not fill and a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not even sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the life of the Bonobo is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love playing throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a child game .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish connections and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity , diversity , diversity , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo , Bonobo is seeing the evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> ball game , and I 'm not talking football .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` You have the <unk> of the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So , sexual play is common as much as in humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into the game -- like <unk> , and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , you can take a lot of ways , some of which are younger , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder were .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a little bit of mine .
I think , like her , sometimes we play alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact with , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real altitude of creativity .
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world for greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> .
To adapt to success to a world that changes we have to play .
But will we get the most of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems the least appropriate to play , you can be the times the most urgent time .
That 's why , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together as I <unk> creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain 's assistant in a volunteer body .
And in our city , where these volunteers , you know , a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer in the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a race on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly followed one of the worst days of his life .
We were at full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas and barefoot , while her house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go in and save the house 's dog owner .
The dog ! I was broken down !
There was a lawyer or some money <unk> that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who entered a burning building to save a live live , because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and he brings this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went up the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the <unk> firemen , which at that height or less had finished off the fire and walked into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog at the front door .
We get out of the house the treasures for the house owner , where , as he was waiting , he got a lot more attention than mine .
A few weeks later the department received a letter from the <unk> house by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she was looking at for about how else was somebody had hit a couple of shoes .
So much in my calling in Robin Hood , as my calling as a volunteer firefighter I am witness to acts of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they 're going to achieve , really remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you of this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to go .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So they come into the game ; I 'd get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were built in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build larger things than us , like buildings or bridges , brick at the same time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , Cuba came up with this .
It was called the brick of machine assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all the homes .
It 's been estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would lead to a world of <unk> bricks in each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits , one brick at the same time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is that they join together .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
<unk> have a color code .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire .
So you only have to put together a blue one with a green one and very quickly , you can start to make bigger circuits .
A blue one with one green one can make light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have a regulator regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a <unk> light .
And we would have this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and yaw , we 're going to allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make you blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes your pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world to move into bricks and ready to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors ; everything has to be accessible .
We 've given kids to see them to play with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light works at night , or why the gate of a elevator holds open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also brought them to design schools .
So for example , designers without any experience in electronics begin to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have <unk> .
( metal metal has done a few weeks ago , we took <unk> to the Rhode Island designers , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , a <unk> cannon cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> locust dough that 's afraid of darkness .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , the electronics became another material .
And we want this material for all of us .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can actually visit the website , download all the design files and make them out .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators because this world we live in , this interactive world , is our own .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for being involved in the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Mm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to charge .
We can actually continue to get the video better on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm going to know ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything they 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like a <unk> of Peace <unk> .
We 've collected some members every year and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them the municipal world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Their task is to show you the possibilities of technology today .
So get to meet you .
It 's a fire hydrant in Boston .
Here it shows up as if I came up with a quote , but what it really looks for is that someone has to clean it up when it 's caught up in the snow because it knows that it 's not very good at fire when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to ask for help this singular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a <unk> member team .
They were in February , and at that time it was a very long time last year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens <unk> with shovels sidewalks in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept cleaning it when you 're going to <unk> .
When you do that , you put a name , in this case he put Al .
If you do n't do it , someone can <unk> them .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 app that happened last year .
But it does something that no other technology 's technology does .
And it spreads viral .
One responsible for the city of Honolulu City of Honolulu realized that he could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to have the tsunami of tsunami .
It 's very important that they work these <unk> of tsunami , but people are stolen .
That 's why he calls the citizens to control .
And then Seattle decided to use it to get the citizens rolling together .
And Chicago is just throwing it up to make people stay in to clean up sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that plan use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little government technology , you know that this does n't happen normally .
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
And then they told us that I 've made the normal waterways would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the court of California that all the time has two billion dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
So an app that shows in a couple of days and it spreads viral is kind of a warning shot to the institution of government .
It suggests to the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet itself .
That is , without constraints , in a open and generative way .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the government 's issue that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution <unk> , but as a problem of collective action .
And that 's very good because it turns out that we 're really good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
You have n't given up with the government .
They feel a lot of frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they deal .
And these people know something that we 've lost from sight .
And that is that if we leave the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that put us crazy , the government is essentially in words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we ca n't do it because alone we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government is .
And because the government in the last rise of us -- remember that from `` we , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way that change is going to make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as many people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially about <unk> .
This is the phone care phone center and information .
It 's the place that we call that calls if you 're going to have an additional brand in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
He joined the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . He started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the door door to your house , put good music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So , Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston has no call center .
It has an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
I did n't fix that app .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New York City Boston .
One day , this really happened , is coming up with this order , `` <unk> in my bucket . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that for you ? ''
The <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> ' everything , so you can all see this .
In this case , it saw a neighbor .
The next report was saying , `` I went up to the place , found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I went around the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of government income to distributed distributed .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition technological definition .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to help and help others .
So a citizen helped another one , but here the government had a key role here .
It connected the two people .
And it could be connected to government services to be needed , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor helps another , they will bring up the communities .
If we call animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think you 're the input from the other .
That our entry to the government of government is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and really care about our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the <unk> layer of 15 inches .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that keeps that that belongs to us that we funded as something that is operating in our own , that other thing , and we 're missing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we have to make the bureaucracy that is sensual .
Because that 's where the true government work happens .
We need to collaborate with the machine machine .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that have written a very detailed report at 325 pages in response to the order of the <unk> -- about the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism ; it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for the ones that we 've been confronted with government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave our children .
You have to look at the huge challenges that they have to deal with .
Do you really believe that we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of us ?
We ca n't leave government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root to the root of government , so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act , you only have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years old , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a larger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who you 're going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions on any channel at the same time , and they can .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't care so much to do hear their voices .
They 're using hands .
They bring hands to the work to program applications that make better work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking off weeds and dumping a bucket of junk that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those hydrants hydrants and lots of people do it .
But these applications are kind of like digital visualizing that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We 're more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't deal with citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or can we be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails , prisons and on death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , on projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching , and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here is impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important .
We 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they 're taught with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , you can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned it from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in all of the discussion in the family .
She entered a lot of the <unk> in our home .
She was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia .
She was born over the 1880 and his experience with slavery in the way the way I saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little boy and I was looking at it , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and then I shut down .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at her , and I was like , `` <unk> , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I 'm happy again , and if he said yes , I was left in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always wish to be close to .
The only problem is that it had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and her attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room and there were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stare at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at him and she smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she stood up , I went through the room , and he took me out of my hand , and he said , `` You see , you know , we 're two to talk .
I remember this as if it were yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out , and he said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now <unk> you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to <unk> the <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , so I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 're always going to do the right thing , even though it 's hard to do . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that it never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , so I will . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural South , I have a brother a year older and sister a younger sister .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a package of six beers , I did n't know where he pulled it off , grabbed my sister and me and left for the forest .
We just came up with the crazy thing .
He took a drink of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . Okay . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today we do it . And you always do the same as we do .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can go . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens to you ? Take a beer . ''
He went through the strength and he went , `` Oh , it 's not going to be you still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got off .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this is spreading widely .
But I 'm about 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this to be an virtue ; I 'm saying it for the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that really do n't see sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't think they can do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in the ban during the ban .
My uncles died of <unk> diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage with it .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There 's 2.3 million .
We have the highest rate of incarceration in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities , or black , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One in three black people between 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In the urban halls of all the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the color young people are in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a justice system that 's much better about if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth affects the results .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems .
We are disconnected .
It seems interesting .
We 're looking at our work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you 're going to get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal prison .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we 're showing it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as it was before we passed the law of law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my customers are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where it was sentence for 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country jail for children , without possibility of getting out .
Right now , we 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people on death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
Well , in a sense , you 've been thinking that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
In every nine <unk> people , he has identified one that is innocent and liberated from death row .
One rate of error , amazing , an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would n't allow you to ever fly airplanes if every nine than you could take off , one would have been crashing .
But somehow we get out of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I talk to them about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted for World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a very defined time by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid of being <unk> .
They were worried to be bombarded .
The threat of terror was what defined its lives .
Now there are older people who come up to me , and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , do speeches talk about people who stop saying that in our history we deal for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of <unk> and separation .
In this country we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome race segregation without a compromise and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done .
I was in Germany giving lectures on death row .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good worrying to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We have no death penalty in Germany .
We can never have it here . ''
The room sat in silence and a lady said , `` There 's no way that we can ever get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we started to run people . ''
So let me talk about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany did , do n't do people , especially if they were mostly Jews ?
We could not tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you really do n't care about these hard issues , positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . It will be creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , you need to integrate both of these things .
We talked about the need to have more hope , more commitment , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that 's going to be more time thinking about and talking about the poor , the <unk> , which never come to TED .
So thinking about them is , in a way , something that is inside our own .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being rational , so committed to the intellectual .
And development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from shared ideas also for the convictions of the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just in the bright and dazzling <unk> , but it 's also in the dark and the hard .
We declined <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering from oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for spirit , a will for being in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities like TED , has to engage .
There 's no disconnect with technology and design , which allow us to truly be humans if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity that if we are ignoring these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were together just to talk .
Occasionally , Mrs. <unk> called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes Mrs. Parks . We 're going to get together to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yes lady . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks was headed to me and said , `` Now , I mean , you know , you know , let me tell you that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted of unfairly .
We 're trying to confront the biases and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We 're trying to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end the massive demos . ''
I gave her all my best speech , and I was going to end up and said , `` Mmm um . ''
And he said , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Mrs. <unk> leaned on , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think , actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each of us is top to the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that is not belongs to it , it 's not a burglar .
Even if somebody kills another , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who have to be respected by the law .
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very inspiring , we are not being judged by our technology , by our designs , and our intellectual capacity or rational capacity .
In the end , the character of a society will judge the character of a society , not the way the rich , powerful and privileged ones , but the way the poor are treating the poor , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
I sometimes make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my creation in an important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been a lot of severity .
I 'm going to jail and I see my 13-year-old clients and 14 years old , who have been <unk> to be trained as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what 's not ?
The judge is <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should be asking for something about that .
As it was too late , I could n't think properly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old customer , a small , poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> who said , `` <unk> for my black client of 14 years to be treated as a white , the CEO of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put that there had been profoundly conduct in the accusation , in the behavior of police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country is no ethics , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
To my horror , not only had it <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I 've already forgotten it .
And I finally decided -- <unk> , I have to go to court this case stupid .
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I was in the car court .
I thought this would be very hard and pitiful .
I finally got down the car . I walked into court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a bigger black man ; he was like court superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
Then I approached it and hugged me .
I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you .
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
I connected deeply with my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience room .
When I get in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` I know Mr. I went . '' And we started discussing .
People started to come . They were all mad .
I was the one that had written these crazy things .
They got the policemen the prosecutors and auxiliary .
Suddenly , not knowing how , the room was full of people , and all furious , because we 're talking about races , because we 're talking about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I was going to see that he was going and came .
I would look out the window and try and hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking around here and there .
Finally , this old black man , with a face of concern , entered the room and sat behind me , almost at the school table .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a recess .
During the break , a <unk> assistant showed me upset because he 'd entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience room ? ''
And the old black stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience of hearings to tell this young man that keep his view in the target of nonsense . ''
I have come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds towards justice .
That we ca n't truly be human , if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is tied to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people who share this , I just want to tell you to keep your view in the target of power .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a very obvious desire in the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that is not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several quick opportunities .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to reduce the funds that are spent today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars worth of death row over the next five years . One billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the killing cases of homicide not <unk> in arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds were going to get the law to get the law , to security .
I think there is a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it 's got to do with the highest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to you who think it 's like this ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's because of the wrong War on Drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we 're leaving by the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people forever ; for stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against ownership , instead of making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
I think our philosophy today about punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 're very keen today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats for Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . Announcer : The police would throw O.C . spray .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : Announcer : <unk> <unk> .
Six : <unk> . <unk> : <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> . Announcer : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War I War . There 's a mass of <unk> .
So I 'm moved on . <unk> . Finally , Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . Death .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months . <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media means <unk> negative news , because our minds pay attention to them .
And that answers a very good reason .
In every second every day , our senses are getting a lot of more data than the brain can process .
And like nothing we care more than survive , the first stop in all of this data is an old piece of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm .
So of course , one of the stories of stories , I 'll look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news , seven days of a week , 24 hours a day , no wonder let 's be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be wrong .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , instead , what 's really happening is we got <unk> .
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , endangered species , water scarcity and energy .
As humans , we are very good at solving the problems , and , in the long , we just ended up with them .
Let 's take this last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , average average per capita income for inflation has tripled all over the world .
infant mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen by 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that the world literacy has been 25 to more than 80 percent of the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary era .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , bathrooms , refrigerators , television , moving air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> of the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of that is the technology and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that would be involved in information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the output of fast computers used to build faster computers .
He does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes down .
The growth rate of technology is getting faster and faster .
And on this curve , it 's about Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its capacity to democratize and distributed personalized production all over the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , the digital medicine , the heredity and the A.I . , the vaccine and the A.I , the fuel , the vaccine and the
I mean , how many saw victory on `` Jeopardy of Watson , '' from IBM ?
It was spade .
I sought in newspapers the best headline there would be .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for all on your mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies these technologies , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago that would have <unk> <unk> .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that , which is scarce and making it abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story from Napoleon 's III <unk> story .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited for dinner the king of <unk> .
The Napoleon 's troops ate with covered in silver , and the same Napoleon , with gold covered .
But the king of <unk> , ate with covered on aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it 's worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Washington came to Washington .
You see , although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then he came up with the <unk> and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was <unk> .
We 've got this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we are on a planet bathed by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 .
It 's not about scarcity , but of accessibility accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated by diesel : <unk> rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar power dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average .
And if we have abundance of energy we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk now about the wars for water .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft toward the Earth , in 1990 , after Saturn ?
It was a famous picture . How was it called it ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet , covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of ice is ice , and we fight for 0.5 percent of the planet , but also here is a hope .
It 's a technology that is available not 10 to 20 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , it comes to transmit .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do this -- your technology called <unk> <unk> <unk> -- the <unk> is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate 1,000 liters of water a day of any seawater , water water , contaminated water , one <unk> at less than two cents a gallon .
The CEO of Coca-Cola has just thought that I 'll do a major test from hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I 'm full confidence in which this is , Coca-Cola will implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is a <unk> innovation that is happening today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that warrior <unk> has better mobile communications in Kenya that President Reagan 's 25 years ago .
And from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
He lives in a world of information and communication that nobody could have predicted ever .
So better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , HD video , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology now becomes <unk> and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing gets to come with when it comes to the health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation called the X <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
We are challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about , and because it 's IA , they can coughing , they can be able to get blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the payload of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
When this device we collected a RNA virus or DNA that does n't recognize , to call the health of the health and , in the first place , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the highest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just took the mark of the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the demographic explosion is to give to the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , to go from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never been heard that add to the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What should you have ? What does you want to have ?
And instead of economic collapse , we will have the greatest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars <unk> in the global economy .
And <unk> more health because of the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy , and because of the use of 3D prints and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we give us three billion members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
How about some voices never heard before ?
What if we give them to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
So what would you do three billion ?
And if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , you can do extraordinary things , things that they could only do the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up with a story that really got me excited about .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at Washington University in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's something very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with college professors , each other .
Then hundreds of thousands of people came in and began to play it .
And it has been shown that today , the character of recognition of human patterns is better folding proteins than best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds we 're going to be given to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do .
We have in front of a few decades in front of a few decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
<unk> .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , 1835 .
Maybe they believed that he was finches , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as `` common . ''
It was grouper .
They caught it a lot to the 1880 .
Now the fish is in the <unk> Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and elsewhere , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they carry intact .
So what 's going on here ?
The second story is also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could make it .
I was very burned with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm trees , and as you can see , of a mangrove mangroves .
I had <unk> from about 20 inches , <unk> beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and passed for a good time , so it was made out of the average in Ghana .
When I was in there 27 years later , the number of fish had halved .
It 's going to take five inches .
It was a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , it started in <unk> Europe done a lot of development projects .
Development development meant to impose on countries that were already 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in it , and we conducted studies in the South China Sea , and especially in the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on the remains , which are the remains of coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea went on the deck and then was cast .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then start fishing fishing .
The bottom line is a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat them . I wrote them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This remains of remains that collect fishermen every time they 're going to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
I would take the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Each generation is using received images at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze this sort of thing .
And at the end of the end , we keep a little bit miserable .
And that 's largely we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer anymore , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done until a few generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose little animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a large loss .
Over time , we focus on large animals , and in a phenomenal sea of big fish .
They become unusual because we take them .
Over time there are few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will , because the evidence presented in a way earlier is not the way they would expect that to have evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them presented , like a captain , and just watched a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually they use the fish scientists , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Out of the enormous role that can fulfill a protected marine zone .
Because with marine marine areas , we really recreated the past .
<unk> the past that people ca n't conceive of , because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone , and they can benefit from vision that provides , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the West , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and the film maybe you can fill the vacuum .
This is a Chesapeake Bay simulation .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were going to be moved with the movie , I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> why they 're using the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation is , the only one to give , is to Cameron , `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trends manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
That 's why we 're going to see why videos are made viral and what important is .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us or our actions , copper copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be made famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
They go up over 48 hours of YouTube video .
And , of course , just a small percentage gets viral , he gets countless views and gained cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , <unk> communities and factor factor .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh , my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video outside of his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views in the rise of the past summer of last summer .
He was not proposed to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
<unk> of trends like Jimmy <unk> are presented with new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider public .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday , you have to start on Friday -- you all want to get it on Friday , and you want to come up on Friday , and we 'd start on Friday , and let 's start on Friday -- KA : You wo n't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' by Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency frequency .
Just like `` freshmen '' -- this video seemed to come out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was a Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , it took <unk> and lots of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson Nelson , <unk> Science , was one of the first people to do a joke on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of trends are going to take a point of view and they share it with a wider public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big inner joke then starts to talk about it and do things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> <unk> .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for every single other day .
Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a <unk> music .
So that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a <unk> version that has been seen four million times .
Until cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats to see the video .
But what 's important here is the creativity that woke up among the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then international .
All of a sudden , a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a stupid joke to something that we can all be part of .
Because we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` Man ! <unk> '' or `` Do Black or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could have been written to be written by this situation ?
In a world where two days of video goes up for minute , only the only thing and unexpected can be able to figure it out the way these things have done .
When a friend said to me that I had to see this big video of a guy that 's going to protest <unk> to cyclists in New York , I admit I was n't interested in .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for <unk> , but often there are obstacles that keep you away from circular <unk> .
KA : Thank you the surprise effect and his humor , Casey Casey conducted that five million to see and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth all of the new things we do creatively .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , the totally unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , of a new culture , which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
You 're not allowed permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of old media , they 're barely the media of the current media , but we would see the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that is still building up .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the job of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
Imagine how the communist would come into <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for both my friends , now making fun .
It was silent .
He died broken by the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it 's <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn <unk> leaning into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when her father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was meant to a task alone : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> that challenges fiction , a boat slid into the sea unit of fishing .
Every adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was pirates , rape and death .
As most of the adults , my mother had a vial with poison .
If we could catch us , we first would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow to dive into every wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying , and not being able to start for six hours .
But I can remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , I end the journey too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given for the men of the platform .
No apple had the same flavor .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations , shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a working-class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class of the middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the English English fragments were traded among people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a degree in I.T . .
We were poor .
All the dollars was mapped , and it was an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , would n't mind what 's supposed to take out , which is usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two base pairs for school , one to hide from the holes of the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And I had <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> eyes and some graffiti , `` Asians , go back home . ''
At home , where ?
Something on me was <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was preparing every night , but we told us about our day and listen to our grandmother 's movements at home .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my job was to be wake up until his nightmares started to be able to get it .
She opened a computer store , then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women came with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classical Asian student , the relentless Asian student .
On the other hand , it was very much in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I was elected by the young Australian woman .
And I went from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
He was an anonymous resident in <unk> , it was now , they were refugee and a social activist , invited to speak in sites that I 'd never heard of , and in houses whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use them covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to the routines and the comfort of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother , and two daughters will end up the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when she was on the boat .
The `` no '' had never been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what you do . ''
So I talked about youthful and education <unk> and education , to the marginalized and the naked .
And the more frankly I talked about , the more I was talking about .
I met people from all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the frontier of how much possible .
And although I finished my undergraduate degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly reached , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's good , but it 's something that 's going to be grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside it can easily mean the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is out of the world , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that had n't been <unk> , they were a lot of <unk> .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare and <unk> mixture .
So I kept my intuition .
They 're going to take a small group of people who said that `` ca n't be done . '' It was a compelling challenge .
For a year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , it made a giant pot pot that we all shared .
They 're going to go back to the end of the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
after a single trip .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had not changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised alone .
At 17 became a <unk> whose mother was hitting her .
Without his husband 's support , he caused an image to <unk> and bring it up , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
It ca n't have been done proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the bedroom of a hotel in Sydney when she died , a thousand miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw him stop the other side .
I knew I 'd come to let go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell stories and make sure that we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us he had to close our casket .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why your hand is hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you have taken your hand in the morning , '' he said .
`` They have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since who we were , and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had gotten to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would be very easily .
Now I want to have my own children , and I ask about the boat .
Who might want that to do that for right ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , a courageous one in every wave , the constant rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you , and you can see them safe , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother of this today , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the skies skies , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed since the old Indian epic epic .
In those days , when Indians wanted to travel <unk> to a car , they 're going to break down the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time when I was <unk> , the great prince Indian prince , he had thirst , he took a bow , and with a <unk> to the ground , he could get water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that the machinery had replaced to the magic .
And that would be a lot of me .
Every time I felt a little bit more than <unk> .
I 'm struck by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford to my friends .
It seemed like the technology had to allow the magic , not to kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his silver silver <unk> .
And this piece of technological technology was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras , you know , <unk> .
We 've got our inspiration .
And so I launched myself , I came up to this technological world to see how to create magic , instead of killing her .
It was <unk> books since age 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling able to connect the whole world into the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what is that good for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
He says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
In a number of times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through the GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but to that magic magic , those ideas that are <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar , always turned out .
So here , we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And , really , they light your way into what 's the subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book , and every single world becomes a little <unk> that I drag to this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all the book of fantasy has always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you for the rest of the book .
In certain points in the book it also reveals .
I 'm going to go in .
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and the <unk> , but how many people out of India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the chambers of Indra for millennia , in an old and moist book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary day .
It 's a story that 's all about today as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our children into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections , of sticks , rocks , pebbles , shells .
For some reason , kids do n't do it .
So to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , I would take a picture of a flower , and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw this today a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taking .
Inside the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is so many possibilities .
In the next book , we asked to have an interaction where you get out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , it sees a bunch of cartoons that appear on the inside of the house .
At a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the wind wind and you have to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature were <unk> with technology and magic and technology come over to another .
<unk> the sun 's energy .
We 're getting closer to our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love and love that we felt through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stopped listening to patients .
And one of the things that we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a director of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea , and I asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ? ''
`` How can we help it ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everybody , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my scaling Wi-Fi . It 's very simple .
It has a switch on and off .
Every morning I get on me .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to the 95 kilograms of it .
But it 's so simple , every time I connect , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my doctor of <unk> has access to him too . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that I need any attendance or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 Twitter followers .
So , every morning I connect to my scale Wi-Fi , and before I get up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's peer pressure to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week , you 're going to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to go , from their homes , take their blood pressure , get them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to recover the control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of the costs of <unk> care , <unk> of demand and other issues .
They 're making techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but it 's also crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did I want to share with you with a video .
We all have sailing controls in cars .
Maybe we even have them on our cell phones .
We know perfectly where ATMs are in <unk> .
Also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was make up the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that , if you see a <unk> , please get rid of it , you know where , and when it 's open , because they 're open , sometimes they open up at the office sometimes .
And over 10,000 <unk> are introduced already in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an application for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the <unk> city and somebody collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next few weeks to use your cell phone to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we wish for a global level .
We are <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us validate these <unk> .
You could be messaging services or phone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share wah-wah photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , they 're pictures that you ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest by photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my passionate passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger is pushed .
For me , the photograph was more about being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to push the trigger .
Just like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time , but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say realism I mean .
Because of course , it 's not something I can do , but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph .
Suppose you 're going to have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that I had to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Do you know the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here we have three objects perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined it , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional -- as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So we do n't know the brain because the brain does n't embrace the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look realistic , I think it 's those we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will look wrong .
So I 'd like to say there are three simple rules to go on to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures have to have the same perspective .
Secondly , the photos combined have to have the same kind of light .
And these two images do with these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
Here 's another example .
Now , you might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is completely composed of photographs of different places .
In the personal , I think it 's easier to create a place that will find it because you do n't need to put in danger of ideas that have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew that I had a number of months to come up with the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
<unk> are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pit .
And yes , I even made the house on the top of the island to look more skilled .
So to get a realistic result , I think it 's missing planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then we have to combine the different photographs .
And here , each piece is very well meant to make .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , it can be very beautiful , and it can be very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not very interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we 're doing about the power of fluorescent microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , like many other people we tend to see , is kind of a straight line on a log scale .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
It was more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on scale scales ?
The answer is that if you draw it into a normal curve that , let 's say , these are the years or some unit of time , and this would be any of the technology that I want to draw , the diagram would look ridiculous .
That would be something like this .
It does n't tell a lot .
But if plot , for example , another technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very silly , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , you give qualitative change .
If the technology of transport technologies as fast as the microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go through that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development that every few years forward orders of magnitude .
The question I want to make is -- look at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or you 're going to turn into a typical curve , I know , like this until something totally different comes out , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's all it can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something will happen .
So , we will now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what it used to be the world , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask is , I wonder , is , what is that new way that you need the world ?
Where new is the world right ?
And the transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember as a child the future happened in 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how it could be that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and look at things in the long term .
The time scale I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years .
So , we 're going back about two and millions of years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that will spread around it .
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and it 's that , at that time , there were just floating on some oil and chemical prescriptions inside .
Some of those oil droplet held a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring materials from the outside of the outside , and so the blobs grew up .
And they started split .
In a sense , those were the earliest cell forms , those <unk> .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each one of them contained a random prescription recipe .
And every time they 've been divided by an unequal distribution of chemicals that held it .
So each droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow becomes better at the time to bring the chemicals around ; they grew more , <unk> more chemicals and divided more .
They usually live longer , more represented represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well these were learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , we 're going to focus on this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were in order to replicate .
The incredible thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since we evolved 2.5 billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , they have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of dust that I try to hide from the security people in the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data into this piece of DNA , and we 'll cut it 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone in the world , in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it into a virus , and it would have spread it out in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy about another billion years .
But then there was another big step in which things became very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information to form with cell communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved .
Some bacteria found the way we avoid penicillin and they were <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's lots of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication led to place in communities that , in a way , they were together in it , and a synergy set out .
So they survived or failed together , whatever , if a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community were left more and were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came out so much that , in fact , they came together and they decided to write all the recipe for the community together in a DNA chain .
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does not use without heart disease , or muscle , or brain , etc .
So these communities were evolved and there were more interesting levels of the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
These were starting to <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't make information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
But neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being responsible structures , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , one organism could , for example , learn how to eat some fruit because I knew bad , and the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism that had previously built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit of fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system actually built those information structures completely accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then of course , the individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in the head .
I 'm here sitting here by making a few <unk> and , hopefully , building a similar idea , vague and confused , in their heads who holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we made it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started doing abstractions .
We now spend over periods similar to the multicellular organisms ; they 're going to deal with our measuring methods , presentation and processing information .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
telephony , computing , video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . is the specialized mechanisms that we 're now built to handle that information .
And we aggregate it into something much bigger , faster , and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> where it produced certain evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of the story that I told you about took billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next ones , and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next ones , like electronics , seems to take a few decades .
The process is feeds ; I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process of it .
But I do my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that work for <unk> would not be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me in a conventional fashion .
I do n't know that every transistor in the connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the <unk> designers , we think a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine with it , it does something that you could n't , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes they use methods that we do n't even understand .
One particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , you can run a hundred million instructions than random instructions ? ''
Could you run these sequences of instructions , to run all of those programs , and take the ones that are more <unk> to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order the numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we find the programs that are more close to order .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , you could take 10 percent of those random sequences that would better do the task ?
They 're going to go back to the rest of them .
And now we figured out the best of the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> on a process of analog according to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , which are <unk> <unk> , and that the children will prescribe the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs that have a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please repeat the process . ''
Again .
It 's a certain mutations .
And he tries again and <unk> with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
At the end , we end up with programs that are absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I can not say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark programs , strangers .
But they do it .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of the goal , because they come from a bloodline from hundreds of thousands of programs that they did .
In fact , their lives are dependent on it .
He 's going on a 747 with Minsky , and he pulls out a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer a safe flight . '' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make design of good design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than that produces normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand all the options that there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make a lot faster , and so we can be able to run these programs much faster .
That 's it , it feeds .
The thing goes faster and faster , and I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analogous moment at the age of single-celled organisms when they got <unk> .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the inflection point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant about our part to think that we are the end product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of creating whatever it is to come .
But now it comes lunch , and I think we 'll stop here before I 'm going to get myself .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've long enough time to allow me to give up my fake prestige in that .
Before I deal with the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to be out of the rules , and it 's talking about the statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you know .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a button that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat 's <unk> , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of play without being caught , and that anybody who 's trying to throw it out at the first base , does n't get to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three 10 attempts .
Do you know how they call a <unk> <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 hits , it 's four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player in the League of exactly <unk> in running more 400 hits in a regular season .
Now I 'm looking at this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or perhaps less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives of a surgeon who has a record of 400 in <unk> .
So it does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place , and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries , and their family physician is derived from a cardiologist whose record is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's actually improving this year remarkably .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think that should be the average of hits of a heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , from a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical doctor .
What we do , however , is sending them to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever made a mistake , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right .
That was the message that I used when I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman Sachs said to a blood test .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses ' apartment in Toronto , in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
In my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the spin-off of every artery that comes out of the aorta , the frequent killer diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew how much differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was really fine ; I graduated with honor .
And I would go from medical school with the impression that if you 're going to <unk> everything , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because I 'm going to get away from mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was a resident in a college hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought to the <unk> <unk> , where I was working .
At the time I was assigned to the cardiology service .
And when I was an emergency cardiologist to go to a cardiologist to go to that patient .
I will report to the chief of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was very quickly .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a cardiac heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , these are blood <unk> , and so there 's a hard time to breathe .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment that would give him .
He gave aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in your heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that they could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes .
He sent her home without talking with the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did n't have what I should have done , which was called my boss and <unk> with him to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have been able to bring up data .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident that <unk> attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made it was worse .
When I send her home , I did n't recognize a voice in my interior that I was saying , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I was asked the nurse who was taking care of the <unk> lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if he goes to his house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it were yesterday .
So he was signed in the high school , and the ambulance next to the ambulance with her house .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that time I did something that I do n't normally do .
I went through the emergency emergency service of home .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady <unk> before , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists would fear them as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are : Do you remember ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent his house ? ''
I asked the other <unk> .
`` Well she came back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
After an hour of time to have reached his house , after I was given the high , he had a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance was brought to her emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a shock of severe .
I was barely breathing and it was blue .
The emergency staff went through all of its resources .
They gave him medication to raise blood pressure .
And they put an artificial respirator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care and expected every hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was clear that I would never be able to do it .
He had irreversible brain damage .
The family came together .
And in eight or nine days , they 're going to get into what was happening .
And by the ninth day , they let her go . The <unk> lady , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
So the next few weeks , I was fascinated by that , and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy unhealthy is that there is in our medical culture , and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't relate to your colleagues .
You make peace , and you never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I would take things out and made sure that I 'm not going to hurt me .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent him home ?
And in my worst moments , why made it so silly ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Slowly that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And in one day , it opened the sky , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I 'd felt better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were going to give up the efforts to be perfect for not making more mistakes , I would love those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it happened to happen .
Two years later , I was an assistant on the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto , and I got a man of 25 years with a pain on your throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I looked into his throat , I was a little bit old .
He sent him penicillin and he sent it to his house .
But as he went to the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my guard shift , my boss asked to talk to me in his office .
And I gave the three words : Do you remember ?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in your throat ?
He came back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not from your throat , but the upper airline , and it can cause the closing of those pathways .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
They managed to get antibiotics on it , and they recovered at a few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then she went back and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Twice in the same open shift , they do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a lot of effort , especially working in a hospital , because they went to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't have to send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out to be normal , a colleague who was checking the patient perceived to some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to look at it .
I looked at it and when I noticed some sensitivity in the bottom right-hand corner , I called the surgeon .
They were both operated on and they recovered well .
But every single case , I devoured myself .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise and as many colleagues say , is a mess .
The most significant ones have been over the last five years .
No , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release myself and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach them this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I 'd come up with a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew , and my colleagues , as well as a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me who would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of the mistakes .
It 's the system in which there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones that do n't -- those who ca n't sleep , and the ones that are very messy and the ones that have great results and they have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that starts to attack that person .
We have the idea that if you go back from medicine to the people who make mistakes , we will be a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years of diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal medical study and medical errors to learn how much possible , from the first article I wrote for the `` Star <unk> , Black <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day , where one in 10 drugs in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system that <unk> infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadian doctors die for preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medical Institute set up 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not solving the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is added every two or three years , and we do n't get rid of us .
<unk> sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it comes with <unk> eyes and <unk> to alcohol , and suddenly , my story would be <unk> of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we remove all the prone professionals , well , they 're not going to stay any one .
And what about people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program , `` <unk> white , white art , '' it 's already a custom to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell everyone , from the ambulance back to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? ''
And their students were <unk> , <unk> , down the head and <unk> saliva and start to tell their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do that .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined 4,000 is human , human knows , accepts it , and not proud of his mistakes , but she wants to learn how to learn from what happened to teach others .
It shares your experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
It will give the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catch them , but a loving way and support for all of them .
And he works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes in the time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a medical doctor .
I 'm human , do mistakes mistakes .
I 'm so sorry , but I strive to learn something that can transmit others .
I do n't know what about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose for a week ?
I recently made a poll on over 2,000 people , and the average amount of choice that says an American American , are about 70 to a day .
It does n't do much , in a research , followed for a week to a group of CEOs .
The researchers recorded the different tasks , by these executives and the time that they were going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many of you belong to the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How do they grade the way those decisions work ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice of the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , like I 'm blind , raise your hand if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if your answer is positive please take a knee .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of the oil overload ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level -- at least at that time it was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different kinds of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of 25 of me , and this was when we had the faucet water .
I loved going to that store , but I had a time to go to that store , why I never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from millennials .
I decided one time to go to the manager and said , `` Does this work work for all of these options ? ''
He pointed to the <unk> buses that came up every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hall .
They had <unk> different kinds .
He took a post for <unk> , right to the entry at the store .
We put out there <unk> six flavors or 24 different flavors and look at two things : First , what case people were willing to stop trying to try out jam ?
More people stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a Valentine 's mug .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
When he stopped when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jars .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy lunch if they found six , that if they found 24 .
Well , deciding that we do n't buy pigs , we probably care about it , <unk> less is good to keep the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices are affecting us in very momentous decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this wo n't be left .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei Wei , where we see decisions about savings for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans from this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds funds are available in retirement plans for retirement , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that there was actually a correlation .
We had plans that went from two to 59 options .
We found that the bigger the number of funding was to be used .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the participation rate was about 70 percent or more , not as high as you want .
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds , the participation rate dropped to the '60s rate .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there are more options , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the more people were the number of choices , more people would be used to avoid stocks or investment funds .
As soon as I had more options , they were more willing to invest in market market accounts .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we were <unk> to optimize Western financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences of being offered more and more possibilities .
What 's more likely to do is that we make the decision , that <unk> even when this is against self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up things less rewarding , even though they do better .
The main reason is that we 're looking at this giant array of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to show you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one form or another , in different research , so you can test them in business .
The first one is <unk> .
You 've never heard it before , but it 's never been more true today , which is less than today .
People always care when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at is that if you choose to cut , get rid of some weird redundant options , there 's going to be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When he <unk> & Gamble , I went from 26 different kinds of Head & <unk> at 15 , saw 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Red Gate corporation eliminated the products that are less sold , they 're increased at 87 percent , for two causes : bigger sales and less costs .
You know that today , on average , they offer 45,000 products .
In a shop of Walmart , you have about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle the best options is David <unk> 's book , the Harvard program .
All the employees at Harvard are automatically attached to a insurance fund .
The people who really want to choose , they 're offered 20 , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences there are among those options .
And if your employees can not differentiate , they ca n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on vacation with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( <unk> applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the offer .
They 're not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You know there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that trip ?
I think I actually had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were making it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the animal overload of options , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must be feeling very , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards , when they use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out that making it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked on <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were being used to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , that we 're used to exactly how you used , we made a little addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff who would think of the positive things that they 're going to do if they save more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets <unk> 's throughout the northeast of the northeast , the magazine exhibit can contain from <unk> different kinds to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell you .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , take a knee .
( A few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , take a knee .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> .
This classification framework is totally useless .
categories must indicate something to you to choose , not that defines them .
You often see this problem with these huge funds .
supposedly , supposedly , who are informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than we think , if you just make it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity again .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a very complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German car manufacturer that allows us to bring it completely .
You have to take 60 decisions , and you 've got to put up the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
<unk> , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor is , changes of change ; four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order where the decisions are .
So half of the customers are going to go from a lot of choices , 56 colors , to a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go through a few options , four boxes , <unk> colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're always going to get the default button in every decision , this tells you that you 're overwhelmed , or it is , we 're losing them .
We found that those who are going from many choices , put the button for default and again , and another one .
We lose them .
If you go out of a few options , you go out there .
The same information , the same number of options .
The only thing I did was alter the order of information .
If we start with easy , you learn to choose .
Although the choice of the change would not tell you anything about the preferences of interior decoration , they 're all making us a choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged in the process .
So to summarize .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of options : <unk> , eliminate weird alternatives -- <unk> , making it real , <unk> , we can handle more categories with less options , including complexity .
All these techniques that I showed you were designed to help manage the alternatives ; or better , for you , to use them in their issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose .
And the more careful that we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the communist Germany , the communist Germany , if you had a writing machine in front of the government .
And I had to record a text leaf from writing with the machine .
And this for the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a writing with the wrong message , you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , so much that this will give the freedom of speech .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturer , and it prints a page , that page will end up having a little yellow printed dots on each page which is still a pattern that makes them a pattern of one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And no one seems to be <unk> a lot .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems on the network .
If we look at what happens in the world online , we can put together the attacks of their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There 's the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Incredibly <unk> of Kiev 's city , in Ukraine .
Your cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks for a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires , billionaires , who would take money with his attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , of <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means using banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online ; or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account has <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain 's money -- you know , you know her stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of an actual crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong .
In the future , most of the crimes will happen online .
The second group of bombers that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves it , they motivate the protests , motivate the opinions , motivate them to laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous have been <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who make it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of a government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an certified authority from the Netherlands or , actually , it was .
You know , the last fall , the last fall because of a <unk> .
It was the safety of the site , and they took a <unk> .
Last week , I asked him , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people to be able to get the death of people .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die of a attack from this ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services like Gmail , services like Gmail .
That <unk> a foreign rogue authority .
And that <unk> certificates .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , protesters were based on the police law enforcement headquarters in April 2011 , and during the Antarctic of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based on Germany that had been sold in the tools that were tools to intercept a large scale of the citizens of the country .
They 'd sold this tool for 100,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago found <unk> <unk> , a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspect in a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
They <unk> the Internet connection .
They 're even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all of the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today , in 2011 , any right that we 're going to do today is forever .
Are you going blindly blindly based on any future government , in a administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of National Park in Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi has no fences at most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate to freely outside of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
We 've got our livestock .
This is one of those who killed the night , and so soon we got up in the morning and we found him dead , and I was so wrong because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and the whole land for <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate the lions too much .
They were dying with warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think it 's so few in Nairobi Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine years is responsible for her father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were terrified .
But I realized that this was not really helpful , because they even helped the lions to see the shed of far away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
He was trying to trick the lions so they believed it was near the shed .
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and they said , `` This thing does n't move , is always here . So it jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the shed with a torch , and the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on that to turn on and off the lights .
And this is a little light lamp lamp .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery took electricity to the little <unk> box . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights .
As you can see , the <unk> are going out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how they see lions when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> the lions to think that I 'm walking through the stable , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to having trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed many animals in the lions and asked me if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
And I put them . You can see the background , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now by Kenya , to freak out other predators like hyena , leopards and they 're also using to shine elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship to one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them to them .
So a year ago , it was just a child in the grasslands of the savanna <unk> cows of my father , and he used to see airplanes , and he said that someday it would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be a aviation engineer and a pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture what exciting is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next one on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA : One near electrical ?
<unk> : I know the electric fences were invented , but I want to make mine .
CA : Well , I 'll miss it once , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I had a couple of because I got a <unk> . CA : At foot of the cannon . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to run it on every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up and raised a song called `` Nothing <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we 'd come up all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much of the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan are enemies .
Though I would ask myself about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea until everything changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public performance .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never hungry .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter of my sister 's colleague .
Which he said , `` When I first came up with this , the five family members will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're prepared to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering from my country .
As long as I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase from my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a boy in his arms watching his face of his mother without being able to do anything .
No one was helping them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine would have gone from North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during the famine , and only a few survived they survived grass , insects and tree cortex .
They were also made more and more frequent energy cuts all around me , all around me was completely dark at night except for sea lights in China , barely crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite photograph of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is boundary between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to cross secretly .
But many die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of the North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years back to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life would be like they were refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just difficult , but also dangerous , because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Somebody had accused me by being <unk> , then I would take my skills into the Chinese language , and they asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said questions .
At the end of the interrogation a officer told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many can be arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had been captured , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language and find work , everything in the world can fit in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I 've decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
Even through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with pride .
Even though I went to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the University of income to university .
Just when I was starting to go through my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korean authorities , some money sent to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be moved to force to a location outside .
They had to run away from immediately .
So , I started planning how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked down to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles through China and then through Southeast Asia .
The trip in <unk> took a week , and we were almost trapped several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and approached by a police officer .
He asked them all , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I urge to stand up and told me that they were <unk> people who were accompanying .
I looked at me , but I fortunately believed me .
We did all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border of frontiers .
But even after going on the border , my family was arrested and imprisoned by crossing the border of illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest dots in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison in the U.S. embassy embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that point , or a man 's voice , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and without doubt , the man went to the ATM machine and gave the rest of the money for my family and two North Koreans and take them out of prison .
I thank her with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why am I helping me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
<unk> unknown is a new hope for me and for the <unk> people .
And it showed me that the kindness of strangers and support of the international community are really the hopes of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long trip , my family and I met South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with little or anything .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practices , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us still have in contact with family links in , and we 're sending information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've got a lot of aid and inspiration in my life , so I want to help by giving North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North Koreans worldwide , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in Southern <unk> .
This is South <unk> : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of Southern <unk> to represent something else , so they changed it to the South Los Angeles as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is South Los Angeles , <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , L.A. <unk> , home , home from food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of illness diseases in Los Angeles and South <unk> .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I noticed this happen .
And I wonder , how would you feel if they did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of home see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see chairs in wheels bought and sold as a car used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And then I already got tired of running 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have pesticides .
What I did , it was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a sliver of land we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet x 3 .
The point is , which belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what me come to me in win , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we get together and started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we are kind of a paid group of paid , made out of gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the whole city and completely voluntary , and all we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city got me on top of the city , and then they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became warrant .
And I was like , `` Come on , right ?
<unk> order to plant food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So , I was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
The L.A. Times had history written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members , who put a petition to <unk> , with 900 firms , was a success .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that they were <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , why do n't you ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's about 20 Central Central Central .
That 's enough space for planting millions of tomato plants .
Why the hell does n't it look like this ?
It 's a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South <unk> .
I grew up there . Let 's get my kids out there .
And I 'm glad to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to actually manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
Just as an graffiti artist , who <unk> walls , I fell down soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what land can do . If you leave your canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm witness to how my garden became an education tool , transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We 're the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how kids affect .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came a mother and her daughter , they were like the necks of the night and they were in my garden , salt and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt ashamed to see people who were so close to me with hunger , and this only <unk> why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't judge people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` For God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's why it 's on the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at the same time , I want you to do your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a shelter shelter for homeless in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they gave me his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed it , so just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like , about 50 people who come , work and participate , every volunteer plan .
If the kids grow in , the guys will eat <unk> .
If you raise tomatoes , they eat tomatoes , but if none of this are taught , if they 're not taught how food affects your mind and body , they eat blind to what they 'll put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're caught up . I see boys in this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With a gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are getting rid of their communities to have sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you get the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because it 's not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out of the street , take the kids out of the street , that you know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets of farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
That <unk> take their cubs right ?
That 's your weapon of choice .
In the sum , if you want to meet with me , you know , if you want to see me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe so that we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
You probably all agree with me where this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , where it rains a lot .
You can have a huge amount of water on asphalt coming out .
And especially if they 're going on your bike and these cars pass , that 's not really nice .
Moreover , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make roads from asphalt asphalt .
<unk> porous , a material that we use now in most of the Netherlands 's roads , has pores and water can happen through it , so all water water will flow sideways and you 'll have a road because it 's easy to drive , and it 's not going to make water more .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo it .
What is to get rid of ? You see that on this road , the rocks out of the surface .
First of all , a lot more and more and more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can harm your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see how damage comes in in this material .
It 's porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> it , and if you <unk> , they will be done and separate from the <unk> .
So , if you drive down the road , you will <unk> the <unk> -- like we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can get this material to get this material , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
And so we have little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like the one you see here , that you use for cooking -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you have to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> and the stones will be attached to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great induction machine here on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the sample , which I 'm going to take you now to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's very interesting . We need to try . ''
So we donated a piece of road , 400 feet away from the <unk> highway , where we had to do a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road and we tested them in the lab .
We did age aging , we put a lot of charges in them , and we 'd know them , and then with our induction machine and the ones with them , and we went back to test them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using energy power to actually increase the life of the surface of the road , even if you can double the life of the surface , they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this worked as well .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repairability acts .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having aroused a morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radius .
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times , because the news generally <unk> it .
`` The Taliban were ! '' `` The Taliban were ! ''
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban had fallen into Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to be at school .
For the next five years , I 'm struck by a child to <unk> my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way that we could both educate ourselves .
Every day , we made a different route so that no one could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so it looks like we were shopping .
The school was at a house , more than 100 of us stuffed into a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely warm in the summer .
All of us knew that we had our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school was suddenly closed for a week , because the generative Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but yet , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total reversal of a remote <unk> of Afghanistan -- <unk> that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and so her father would get it .
But my mother educated became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of all his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a greater risk in not to educate her children .
For the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments in which I was very frustrated by our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . They can force you to leave your house during a war .
But there is one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , you still want to do n't continue ? ''
Today I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family had not been so engaged with my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud of myself to graduate College College .
When I came back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was <unk> from her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to pursue her daughters .
He did n't just get rid of my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who took him through the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I was a big dream , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I am a global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's because I cofounded <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to tap into the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families who , like mine , <unk> for them , despite the same time and still in front of an daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter were going on the way since he went out to her village , and literally , he was escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice you had noticed that if I kept sending her daughter to school , they would try and go .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` but not harm the future of my daughter for his old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've given to you about Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who we <unk> , there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have n't been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first <unk> <unk> of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are only hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes do n't last long , after the retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students in my school and their parents who will encourage them , I see a future <unk> future and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities infinite , and every day , <unk> girls .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against it .
But you never get a revolutionary revolutionary love to you . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution were inspired by the surge of massive <unk> , both of the Tunisian <unk> revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> in and outside the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the cutting edge , pushing out the fall of the regime , they were carrying freedom of freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a courage to hear about the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
You 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a few losses from about 50,000 dead , we managed to release our country and overthrowing the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy burden , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society 's moral society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I loved , together with many other women , rebuild civil society , pushing an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were approximately 200 organizations set up in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , About 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm , started organizing workshops about developing capabilities and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we founded the Women 's Women <unk> , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and for our right to equal involvement in building democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in <unk> , an environment that was getting more <unk> , which is going to be <unk> from selfish policies and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of Congress at the first election in 52 years .
However , slowly , the elation of the election and the revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day , we found news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on the <unk> .
Another day stuck with the news of the official murder of the military .
And every day , every day we woke up with the government of militias , and their closet violations of human rights from prisoners and their lack of respect for law .
Our society , made up by a revolutionary mindset , becomes more , and it 's away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at first .
intolerance , exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire them with our success story of the `` checklist '' and the election .
Rather , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we 're choosing bad , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections were not brought to peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and <unk> between candidates and candidate peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why do our society continue polarized and dominated with selfish policy of domination and exclusion , both by men as women ?
Maybe what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating more consensus than the election I needed the election , which is only polarization and division .
Our nation needs a qualitative representation of the female who will need the numerical and quantitative performance of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage , and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , not only <unk> , but it 's also putting up for mercy instead of revenge , collaboration rather than competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , mangled by war , desperately desperately in order to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that is about the interrelationship and the <unk> between the female perspectives and the male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to figure out that in an existential way , before we do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` it 's the word of God , gracious , compassionate . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the traditions of <unk> , has the same root in Arabic than the word `` <unk> '' -- a uterus -- <unk> the feminine and motherly , which involves all of the humanity that men and women , which every tribes and all the towns have <unk> .
And so , like the uterus completely covers the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is broken all the existence .
So we 're told , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
So we 're told , `` My mercy is <unk> about my anger . ''
That all of you will tell everyone the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has a equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that everybody 's always doing , why she 's left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks with him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , and a social worker , no skilled in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just <unk> at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment my first apartment , my first Beautiful Express , and it had a very big secret .
My little secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , was held to the head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , conflict , who fall out of every year and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for the `` Fortune 500 '' list , among those Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been married 20 years old with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> , and I drive <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all of the races , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and the domestic abuse is only happening in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or , in the families , the last place where we would want or would expect , or we would expect to find violence ; that by which , the domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who sticks with him , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States women , the women of 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signs or their patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold November night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and I was going to come up with me .
He said two things .
The first was that he had just graduated from a college university , and I was working on a very , very , very <unk> bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me in that first encounter was it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field of the field .
I had some big <unk> like apples , and a bloody hair hair had , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that he did , in the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it especially on a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything about me : I was ready , that I had gone to Harvard , that I would put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a woman , as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And that 's why the bachelor 's degree in that Big school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is seduced by the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams , but I thought I had to make a sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , left my work and <unk> and I went into Manhattan .
I had no idea that she was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was entering the head in a physical , financial , psychological trap carefully .
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to the New England , you know , that place where they 're supposed to be so safe , he bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another one kept it underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma that he lived on .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns actually were a message to me and , although I had never been lifted up my hand , my life was already serious , every single minute .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises on my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's girlfriend and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily in forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very aroused .
It was just very overwhelmed by the wedding and for the fact that a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and it never would be hurt .
I spent twice as much as the honey of honey .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in the head that we would have several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving back from our honey of honey , went through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> followed by one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was scared when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point of life , and the Center for Disease Control reports that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
So go back to my question , why am I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was picking up from me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a profoundly <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help <unk> their demons .
The other question everybody does is , why do n't it just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and agonizing question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that you normally ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase of domestic violence pattern is to kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence cases occur after the victim has gone end to the relationship , after getting out , because then <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent basis , even after the <unk> has gone back to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family 's support system for <unk> to the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time not with the man who <unk> their mother .
And yet we continue to ask why just is n't it ?
I was able to go , because of one last <unk> beat my denial beat .
I realized that man who loved so much , would have killed me if he had allowed it to .
So I broke the silence .
I told everybody about the world : the police , to my neighbors , to my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you . helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims as spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims of <unk> bred love men who want to destroy them .
But since I published `` Nice love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a invaluable lesson of what happened to them and that they promote their lives joyful and happy themselves , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic domestic violence .
I got married with a cute little man , and we have those three children .
I have that black box and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't come back to have never more , ever , is a <unk> gun pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says she wants to .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , how silly it was , but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , or they were being abused or they were just <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , their sister , to their best friend right now .
I was able to end my mad love of love to break silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request for you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
abuse will thrive just in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They put their vision of survivors as fantastic people , and lovely , who have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb and show the victims safe .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful predators should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call me Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now there is an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed up like this , luckily , I 've brought clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage ; so you 're very lucky to <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I came out , they do n't have to get them right now , but I find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what I think about just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to get this sweater on the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything as I cover your head .
All right .
Why did I have this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also <unk> .
I 've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
He was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer would tell me that he would take my back and she <unk> the child 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one I made two days ago for work , there 's very little that we can do to transform our appearance , which , although superficial and unchanging , it has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being courageous is to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but a sincere way .
The first question is , how does it be a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> was discovered , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason that I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this inheritance is .
Well , in the last centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to take to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now shown skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> people that say -- Wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , we 'll be able to know so much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from NYU , told all of them and every one of the models on the runway , and of the <unk> models , just 27 , is to say , less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people are always doing is : Could it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I do n't take care of that .
But then , what I would really tell each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon , or a poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist on , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , so I 'm telling you , `` I know my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of the American magazine magazine or the executive director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum and some work on your back , no matter what you say , if you said , you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum say of underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the photos would be done .
And yes , it 's pretty much <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a little girl .
So I was next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French French .
Here I am with my football team and the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those photos .
They are creations of a professional group , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you do free things for free ?
I 've got too much six feet tall and I never use , except the previous couple , but the privileges I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a store and I had forgotten taking money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and he jumped out a red light and , of course , stood up , and it took one , and it took to be able to keep driving .
I love these privilege for my appearance , not for what I am , and there are people who are paying for a price , no matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the teenagers who stood in and registered , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black and Latino men in New York , so for them , is n't a question of me ?
But how many times do I get excited ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that from 53 percent of girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure comes up to 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people do is , `` How is the life of a model ? ''
And I think the answer you 're expecting is , if you 're a little bit thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 'll feel very happy and fantastic .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like it .
We say : It 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing to work with creative people , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about how every day .
And if you 're asked , `` With some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ? ''
They only have to meet with a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the <unk> clothes , but it 's probably the physically <unk> women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a racial situation situation and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something to retain this talk , I hope everyone will feel more comfortable from recognizing the power of the image in the perception of the image of the success and failure .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since it was older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures more precious , and I did n't go out of them .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even very carefully in lighting .
In fact , most of them took them randomly tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife brought me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday -- that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He happened that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what 's coming now .
When I was approaching my daughter 's third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , why do n't you take you back to New York on a <unk> trip and continue the ritual ?
Here is when we started to ask the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has been denied , and , fortunately , no one has been killed by the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much we would change life this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old , I could understand it .
These pictures are a lot more than a particular moment representations or a specific journey .
They 're also a way of stopping time in a October week , and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see life through their eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything .
That time in particular that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking , when suddenly , she stopped and pointed out a red <unk> of the football store that I loved as small on previous visits .
And he described to me what there was five years on the same place .
<unk> that he remembered his heart <unk> with strength when I first nine years ago .
And now what 's looking in in New York is universities , because he 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are memories .
So I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family pictures .
I 'm always the one who takes the picture .
Today I want to encourage you all to show up in the picture , and I 'm not going to try and ask somebody and ask them , `` Does it take me a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The vultures are in the group of birds most threatened .
First of all , why do they have so bad news ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , silly , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you get laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that I associate with <unk> Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They hardly be monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , the rabbits have better presence . There are two kinds of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits of the New World who are mainly in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the rabbits of the Old World , where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 faces face a high risk of extinction .
So , why are rabbits important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
It 's our handling of natural trash .
Let 's get the dead bodies up to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that they were not because of them would spread and causing large loss of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no rabbits , people take three to four times longer , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
The rabbits also have tremendous importance of historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of protective and motherhood , and along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Alto and under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of 10 heads <unk> .
In <unk> culture , they 're doing very important open-air burials , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these vultures provide a natural <unk> system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are in extreme endangered people .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , the communities that they use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the rabbits are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical endangered list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , it 's because they 're prey to the <unk> of livestock that has been treated with a <unk> drug as the <unk> .
This drug has been banned by veterinary use in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street landfills , and when you 've got dogs on the street , you have a huge time bomb for anger . The number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be up to the Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind power , but we have to work with governments , because turbines turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of rabbits dead to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so to focus on a local local problem .
We have to work with governments in the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , making noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them to be focusing on these very <unk> creatures , and they 're going to take their time to spread the word . They 'll get the word .
When you go out of this room , I 'll report to you about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed their mind , because he saw flying without effort , without energy expenditure in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do , and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been molded by seven years of work during my youth .
From 1971 to 1977 , <unk> young people , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing on .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> de <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach the local , both Italian tomatoes and squash and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 'd come to work to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come to work , and we were even amazed that the local , in so fertile valley , had no agriculture .
However , instead of asking them how it was possible that we did n't have anything , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` right in time to save people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became beautifully grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a <unk> tomato . In Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling the <unk> , `` Look what easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say that ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought that only Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the English did , what the French did , what the French did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
So let 's look at the waste -- let 's see the waste that we get to <unk> people from Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Enough '' from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered the continent African two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm than that money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon missionaries , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin , Latin root , which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , deal with any of a different culture as if it was my children , `` I want you too much . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can you -- can you -- you can imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 people just to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> , where you never start anything , you never really motivates anyone , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of local passion who have the dream of becoming a better person .
So what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
It will never come into a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what will you do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is most important .
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is most important .
And then , we helped them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : why not us , for once instead of getting to people who do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never show up , and they 'll never tell you , in a public gathering , what they want to do with their own money , which opportunity have identified .
So planning has this blind spot .
The smartest person in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't deal with their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor in the company , the family physician physician , who sets up with you in their house , at the table of their kitchen , in the coffee , and it helps help find the resources to transform their passion into a way to make a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this patronizing garbage where we 're going to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going , and the government came to see me to ask , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
So , the government goes , `` Do it again . '' So , we 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers of history , passed away in '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the entrepreneurship .
So now we 're going to now seem to rebuild Christchurch without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to you .
You have to offer you for sure , privacy , it 's got to be fantastic to help you , and then <unk> , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What you show you more of this morning ?
That 's what you 're passionate passionate about . That 's what you have to do .
So , what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution <unk> fossil fossils , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machines is not sustainable .
What we have to consider is how we fix it , cure it , we educate , we transport , we transport , communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable way .
There 's not the technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They will be entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that we read in a futuristic story many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to discuss the future of New York City in the taxi year .
And in the workplace , this group of people came together , and I 'm going to figure out what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would not exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve , and they pointed out , if the population stays growing at this rate , to move to the population of New York to the surroundings , <unk> six million horses , and the dung produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung . So , in automobiles , they were <unk> this dirty technology that <unk> New York lives .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States appeared <unk> auto manufacturing companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Fifty-five , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer you .
Otherwise , they 're not going to come and talk to you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated <unk> service .
And then , later , you 're going to have to tell you the truth about how to start .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell , you have to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world who can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not still born .
We 've looked at the research and look at the 100 icons of the Carnegie 's world , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , <unk> .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : nothing was started by one person .
I would never be the word `` me '' -- but the word `` we , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment , sitting in <unk> , along with their dedicated comrades who are going to do for you , what someone is made by this gentleman who 's talking about this epic , somebody who 's going to ask you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? You can do it ?
OK , can you sell ? Can you sell ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I 'd like you to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those around us , they can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all of the neighbors , so we do n't exchange a lot of knowledge despite being sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like : how much do you pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape ?
How do you share our hopes more about cows , so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> that hit lovers and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and trust a city .
It 's a parade in the music , and there 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of American living properties .
I live near this house , and I thought how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother to me .
Her death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made me deep gratitude for time lived in life .
It gave him clarity to the significant things of my life today .
But I 'm trying to keep this look in my daily life .
I think it 's easy to be able to go through the day and forget the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends , I transformed the wall of this house home on a giant board , and he painted it on her sentence to complete , `` Before I die . ''
And so the libraries could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know how to wait for this experiment , but the next day , the wall was filled with and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date change . ''
Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die , I want to live outside the network .
Before I die , I want to get more and more . ''
Before I die , I want to get someone 's rescue . ''
Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams , and the hope of people made me laugh to laughter , and they were <unk> , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways , and it 's about giving the reflection and contemplation into it , and to remember what 's most important to us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
And so with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we demonstrated the power of public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distraction , it 's more important than ever , to find ways in conserving perspective and remembering that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that are more empowered .
And if you think about death , we 're going to think about death .
Our spaces can share better than we care about as individuals and as community and with more media to share hopes , fears and stories , people around us ca n't only help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 , and it 's very handsome .
I do n't talk , but it 's transmitting joy that some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
You share this unconditionally pass what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences , and notice this : never lied .
When they sing songs of our childhood , trying to discuss the words I ca n't even remember me , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind , and the wonderful thing that must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 years old . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year when she came out every one of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when I was four years old , getting pee on my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga birthday .
Do n't seem incredible ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart was , and my soul was that even if that was the case , although we would not consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar to the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning , sometimes to the physical skills .
In each individual , it plays itself differently , from there that would be so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the faster development disorders that are increasing in the world , there is no cause or known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When they spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It was a lot .
I did n't want to play as the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
I was living in living and stood in his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in line around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would have between .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and the hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being that I 'd never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some hard times in my family , moments in which I wish they were just like me .
But I look at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that would n't want to change for normal .
The normal happens by the high beauty of the beauty that gives us differences and the fact that it does n't mean any of you are wrong .
It only means that there 's a different view of what is right .
If I could get there one thing to go with it and to Sam and to you , it would be you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic , or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each one of us has a gift inside and , honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress , and change dies at the time where we try to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what happened to be Alice in the Party .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , to give a media class to engineering students .
I was scared . They were really afraid of these students with their big minds , their big books and their big unknown words .
But when you develop those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt when I fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just felt when I had those conversations with students , and I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to health care and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure we can see that its science is sexy and its engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> , and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that they 're studying <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , care with the lingo .
The jargon is a obstacle to our understanding of its ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing to make them dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , it 's all as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , they 're actually , and they 're actually able to hook it up with their content .
And by presenting their work , forget the `` bullet '' signs .
You 've wondered why they 're called bullets ? What do the bullets do ? The bullets killed , they kill them .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's very much in the area of the language of our brain and engulfs .
Instead , this example of <unk> Brown 's example is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple sentence , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then it will provide graphs that we 're going to embrace our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key points that you can help that we can help others open the door and see the country of the wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when they 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words in the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a New <unk> editor , which he defined her much better when he said , `` A <unk> is those who are looking for a public charge without matter , platform or principle , and that when he wins , it takes for the mere use of a monumental <unk> <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the foundation of politics , and all politicians know that they have to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words they were saying in the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the freaky name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He was thrown in the Tower of London , and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to deal with them , and at the end there was such a popular support in London that won .
And only a few years later , we had the first use of the phrase , `` That 's how we <unk> . ''
Most of them think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to actually show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
All kinds of suggestions that could have been <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him `` Chief Washington State , '' and others , `` Your <unk> George Washington , '' and the other `` <unk> of the American People 's <unk> . ''
Not very attractive .
Some people just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought about the quality of quality .
And not even with that , they had the idea that you could be elected by King for a certain run .
And there could be service .
Everybody got tired tired , because this debate will be done for three weeks .
I read the diary of a poor Senator Senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this topic . ''
Which caused the weather and <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him a King if he was actually giving him or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest , more insignificant and more unfortunate title coming up .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only `` somebody who <unk> a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There was a <unk> presidents of little colonial <unk> and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate was written .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and met with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who will take you seriously with a <unk> degree as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did not sacrifice .
We can learn three interesting things from all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been done by the title of President .
President Barack Obama has lucky to go there , waiting for the Senate to be in action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of America does n't sound so modest today , right now , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the world 's greatest economy and a fleet of UAVs and so on .
Reality and history have joined the title of <unk> .
So in the end , I won the Senate .
They got their <unk> title .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness by then .
But you know how many nations have the president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're now the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn from , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , the reality changes a lot more words than the words that these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones with primitive tools .
Like each other , I 'm wearing a inexpensive lantern of <unk> light sticking to my head with this <unk> elastic , and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole in that hole that drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
And I would take my hand off , and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and dropped countless feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep in that hole in that hole and their lives without paying or reward and often dying .
I went home , and I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Peace Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met a <unk> of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that is done to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and really , I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world but not that degree .
When we ended up talking , I felt very bad , I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a <unk> , and weeks later , I flew Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So my journey began to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them , even the best home .
But this time , we 've got the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people worldwide .
It 's twice as much as the number of Africans displaced during the entire slave slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , there are whole families for <unk> for <unk> <unk> .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits of over $ 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled with fake promises of good education and better work to figure out that they 're forced to work without pay , under threat to violence and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves are value , but those who produce them are disposable .
<unk> exists in most of the world , though , is illegal throughout the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Hell <unk> .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 C , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped in a heavy blanket of <unk> stack , mechanically bricks in their heads , until 18 at the time , and take them from the hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
<unk> out of monotony and tiredness is silent , doing this task over and over to 16 hours a day .
There was no <unk> to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it even inconsequential .
So <unk> was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and let it work .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , my camera is getting a lot better treatment than these people .
Back in the oven I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was next to me quickly caught me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do you here . ''
And he explained to me so clearly that to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct aid .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work within the system for his release and trusted .
As soon as I was waiting to get home to feel my heart break .
In the Himalayas , I found children carrying stones for miles out of mountain land to trucks that they were waiting for .
Those big , heavier people were heavier than the children who load them up and children hold their heads with homemade homemade straps , string and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something that insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day without <unk> because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned completely .
When you hear the word slavery , we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business .
In a half of me , I 'm given women who had previously been in sex in the world .
It was led to some ladders <unk> that gave this dirty basement , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as it 's known in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , and they have private rooms with their little girls and children , some of just seven years -- they 're forced to entertain the customers and to enable them to buy more food and alcohol .
Every shot , it 's dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse of their clients .
standing in the dusk zone , I remember , there 's a <unk> fear , and at that moment , I could barely imagine what it must be caught in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where I came in .
There was no front doors .
There was no big enough windows as to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and we already touch a theme , and it 's important to point out that slavery , even the sex traffic , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year like sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
<unk> are another activity that we often associate with the slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where there were whole families going on in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
<unk> hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid to <unk> , but this divide is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can come out of this house someday and go to another place where you really pay us our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a boat , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense , right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their own families , they were missing and forced to work together in these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up , I was shivering ; it was topic that his little canoe were <unk> .
It was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water .
<unk> branches of trees plunged into Lake itself often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , they get thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many they drown .
Since remembers , it has always been forced to work in the lake .
By fear of her love is not going to flee and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> slaves were younger in their seat .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when they woke up the last few nets , but they 'd been working from the one .
In the cold and windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks are weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi rescued was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> are <unk> to victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will get to be because somebody decided to make the difference in their life ?
He walked out of a road in Ghana with partners from <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his motorbike suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and touched the window .
He asked us to put it on a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we would get out of the car , and asked the driver to go out quickly .
And then he pointed out this path barely visible , and he said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started to go down , we took the <unk> that we put on the road and after walking around about an hour , we found that the path was blocked by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of photographs on my head as it was <unk> in these waters to the chest .
After two hours on walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly into a clear , and we had a mass of holes that I could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked into poison waters with mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in a well part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were in their own sweat .
I remember watching her eyes tired , <unk> , because many of them had been under land for 72 hours .
<unk> have to 90 meters , and these people have been carrying them with heavy stone bags that then will be shipped off to another area where they were sending the gold to be able to extract the gold .
So , first of all , the site seems to be filled with strong men and <unk> , but if you look closer , at the margin , we see work at the edge , and also the kids .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up as this victim of tuberculosis and innovation for mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in the mines .
When his uncle died , <unk> did inherit the uncle 's debt to be a slave in the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that the doctors said it must be broken .
In addition to that , <unk> has T.B. , and yet it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Yet , he 's dreaming of being released and educated with aid activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , my face to a remote possibility , which gives me a lot of respect .
I want to shine a light out of slavery .
You know your images would be seen for you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll be testimony to them and we 're going to do everything to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They 're people , real people , like you and I , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There is no day that I do n't think about these many beautiful people , battered , that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images actually wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that 's going to turn on a fire , and that <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live on the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> <unk> and <unk> dancers who will see later on .
But the ballet demands for an extraordinary degree of training , a high skill level and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders such as Parkinson 's disease is gradually this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> , which , in his time , was a virtuous dancer .
Over the last few years , it has been made very much progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> billion people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 'll know if there really exists a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement , there are no biological markers , so they do n't serve blood analysis and the best we have this <unk> <unk> .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that out of the clinical trials , they 're never done . It has never been done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
So that would save a trip to the clinic . How about the patients could actually do the exam themselves ?
It would not be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So , what I want to do is you want to say it as no conventional form to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all <unk> like my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal cords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds when you speak , and we can imagine , as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And like ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about the time that he takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can trace the position of vocal cords as they vibrate , and as Parkinson 's disease affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom of the bottom , you can see an example of <unk> <unk> of vocal cords .
We see the same symptoms .
vocal shake , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these testing based on the voice of specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . They 're both using existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole range of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . OK , but in addition to <unk> testing are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They 're doing very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
It 's low cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low : it appears to massive scale .
These are some incredible goals ready to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties difficulties .
You do n't need to go to the clinic for <unk> routine .
<unk> monitoring , we could get data .
We could make massive <unk> <unk> for clinical trials , and for the first time , we 're going to grow scaling up to scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's disease Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local <unk> lines for about 750 million people in the world .
Anyone with or without Parkinson 's , I can call under price and leave recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
What 's going to do from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have no disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not play it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of data in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important , because we 're looking for them to deal with the <unk> factors looking for real markers of the disease .
TR : They have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my student <unk> , I have to <unk> , has done fantastic work , and now he has shown that it works on mobile phone network also , what we 've done is a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , I made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray creatures .
We were staying in the dark , in no windows and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the lean models still thinner , the perfect skin still , we do the impossible , possible , and you criticize the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that will happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was voluntary , there were <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the response team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little fishermen of fishermen in the <unk> <unk> of almost 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water recorded reached over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers inside .
As you can imagine , the town was devastated .
We take rubble out of the channels and ditches .
<unk> schools . We removed the slime , and we leave the lists to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons of tons and tons of dead , smelly fish from the local factory .
We were thrilled and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and photographs of photos and cameras and cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places from villages around to <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered .
As they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center of the people .
It helped clean the Sufi bathrooms , huge <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the <unk> lift the photos .
And I had the honor that they had , and I had the honor that it was going to be offered to clean the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression beyond the horizons , but it was n't even going beyond myself my horizons than something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years , some of them were still in the lab , I could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I got on Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started tweaking the photos .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too frightening , but where the water had been able to get my face in the face of the girl , I had to get out very accurately and closely .
In another way , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the picture .
With the time of time , they came up for a little bit more photos , and it took more <unk> , so it was that he went back on Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help .
After two weeks , I had 150 people from joining together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilize <unk> , a neighboring village north of <unk> .
Once a week we use our scanner , in the photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that you would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could involve an hour . It could take weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had been to draw pretty much by hand using the areas whose color and detail , the water had no destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these photos submerged in seawater , covered in bacteria , with algae , with algae , and even the time of the time , I continue on , so <unk> by hand was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry , and it would have been <unk> by their owner .
We had lucky to hand .
We have a remarkable neighbor guide .
It 's very easy to damage even more the photos that are damaged .
As once he said <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos .
He had started <unk> her same , but she stopped realizing that he would hurt even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to get the images in a single picture and tweaking the full picture .
When I picked up his pictures shared something from his story with us .
A few colleagues of her husband found the photos at a fire station between the rubble quite far from where their house used to be , but their colleagues recognized it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the Sirens <unk> .
Their little kids , not so small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took him a week to find his whole family and know that they all survive .
The day I gave her pictures his son was less than 14 years old .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look , something that would remember the past that would n't have been beaten up on that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined there , hundreds of them had joined a hundred of them helping us to clean up more than 3,000 photographs , the vast majority -- the great majority of their owners come to their owners .
Over 500 volunteers from all over the world helped us bring to 90 hundreds of pictures of totally <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures of constantly .
One picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , a relationship , dear to .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd take , but the first thing you would do , and they 're going to go through .
So this was the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring someone into the past .
When a picture comes back to somebody , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the <unk> life .
Some of them connected with something bigger , give back something , using their talent for something that 's not a perfect skin models .
To finish , I 'd like to read this email , and he sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
While I was <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about the people and the stories in the images .
One particular one , a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the little girl , gathering around a baby , gathered around a baby , I was moved by , because a picture of my family 's family , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hang out of our wall .
In the entire world , in all the few our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us to wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that cuts through an apple in an exhibition of just a billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can make a slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-rays , and they challenge the idea of the camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch it into a <unk> of a second or it 's a number of <unk> to create a <unk> package .
And that bullet package , that bullet , travel at the speed of light , and , again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons , and fire in this bottle , how those photons are spreading into this bottle ?
What 's the look like in slow motion ?
Now , all this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see the light moving .
Coca-Cola is not <unk> this research , and it 's a lot of things in this movie ; we 'll get this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet comes in the bottle with a package of photons which starts to <unk> and that , inside , starts to <unk> .
Some of the light running out , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that bounces inside .
At that time , the waves travel around the table , and because of the insights on the top , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that insights are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common bullet , and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion for about 10 billion times , how much they think would take us to sit at the movie ?
One day ? One week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film , a slow <unk> .
And what about some dead nature ?
You can see the waves that go off the table , the tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from one <unk> at the same time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato time , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't be dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces into its inside and it goes back to a number of <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if you take a picture at the end , it comes very little light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'll just get into some light .
We sent that bullet out , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very cleverly resolution , we take those gigabytes of data and the <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data , and it 's really interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see behind the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , <unk> , enter the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
We could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a dummy dummy , and it would break light into the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at times slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , it has unique capabilities .
It has very good resolution , and it can look at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point it corresponds to what distance .
When you project a laser , you can actually record a raw picture , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But we will take a lot of images like this , tens of images , we 're going to go and try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that will avoid collisions to what 's going around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at light on the open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body , through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite hard , so this is actually a request for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
Just as Doc <unk> , he 's a scientist , turned the science in art , an art of <unk> photographs .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected are n't just for scientific views , but we can be able to .
So creating a new form of computational photography with slow motion and color code .
Let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just a second <unk> .
But here 's also a funny thing .
If you look at the waves under the cover , they 're going away from us .
The waves should be moving towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . And Einstein would have loved this image .
The order that the events happen in the world is sometimes invested in front of the camera .
<unk> the corresponding frame of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
One cell can change life , and you give you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and starting a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , and you can move it back and make it famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> , and I live in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 ; imagine if all of these people gathering that they 're looking for a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who 's launched is a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today have a mobile phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , my mobile phone , and how life changed me .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 thousand information lines .
<unk> data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U 's Commission .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider , every single Internet provider , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use your mobile phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored at least six months , and until two years , in your phone company or your Internet provider .
And in all of Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retention of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want to have the telephone providers and the Internet providers is stored with all of us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everyone said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be 2.0 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Whenever you use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , that please get all the information they had about me .
And I asked them once , and I came back and asked them , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , I want to have this information because you are <unk> my life .
And so I decided to run a demand for the court , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said not , we 're not going to give you this information .
At the end of the <unk> , a agreement .
They put the demand and they send me the information that I would ask .
In the meantime , the German <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> .
So I got this ugly in brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand years ago , 30 lines of information .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . OK .
But after a while I realized it is my life .
There are six months of my life in this archive .
It was a little skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to do it .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data from City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go back and forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see what I 'm going to do from the train train , and what often I call on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk about a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends , and they call them among them .
And then you call each other , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate with each other what time they call each other , what time you do sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who sends an email to who , and all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the Berlin streets , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> would have known who involved in this protest , and if the <unk> would have known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall would never have happened .
And as a result , it was n't the fall of the <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to use it forever .
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and it 's not happening .
When you go home , tell her that just because businesses and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information you store of you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones that gives them to remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
I <unk> my mom six times in six different directions , including the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to take all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
The P. C. It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> nor can contract .
No one 's a mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's only about accidents , like which happened to me at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
I feel bad for me , because at some point in life , we want to be disabled .
Come on .
<unk> , you 're in the mall , drive in circles and search for parking lots and what you see ?
<unk> empty places .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit disabled ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and the P. C. It 's just one of them .
If there was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from Park <unk> , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; I dance <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I cleaned .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents would get to the school system and they 're glad that I was too , and if we were n't going to take out all the maximum note all of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk the five years putting my toes on his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang on a dollar in front of me so that he 's going to get it .
The <unk> that I carry inside was very strong .
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has received a lot of taps .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think no one realized we were not Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that the politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims '' as motto .
The people I grew up with had no trouble with my faith .
But nevertheless , it seemed like a lot of death from starving during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating , so fast from dawn at sunset is very easy .
I did a Broadway on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could not afford physical therapy , so I was sent to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , or I can walk in a heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I also .
And when my friends , they went through the summer vacation on the Jersey shore , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents feared that if I do n't go back to Palestine , all the summers , we 'd come into Madonna .
On summer vacation , often my father was trying to <unk> , so I drank milk from deer , and they got me warm cups on my back , and I remember the water in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> my eyes and thought , `` It works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I must say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , it was a comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents were able to get this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship to <unk> , University of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the house <unk> of the theater department .
They all loved me .
I did all the <unk> tasks , I took the ultimate note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers <unk> .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a work called dance surgery in Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` He 's going to have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
At the end of free ! At end .
Thank God all-powerful , at the end I 'm free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown Brown .
I went to <unk> the director of the theater department , crying , historically , as if someone would have killed my cat , and ask me why , and she told me that they could not make these stunts stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role for which I was literally born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a history of <unk> actors with no disability for papers .
When I graduated from , I went home , and my first tour tour , was kind of extra on a soap sitcom .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` best friend crazy friend . ''
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , I did n't look more than the back of the neck , and it was clear to me that <unk> directors do n't get <unk> , no white , with disability .
It 's just <unk> to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen <unk> , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
On my first tour , I took famous in New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian who took when he landed on the side of the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs . And also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and <unk> .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I do know that you 've never heard that little unpleasant buzz that says that women are not fun , and they find them very fun .
In 2003 , my mother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the Festival of the New York City Festival now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in media , and once you remind them to <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not <unk> .
<unk> to Arabs was much easier to fight for the challenge of stigma stigma .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news Information program invited back with Keith <unk> .
I came in like a graduation dance , I went to a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can I give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were alive !
So I held to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was pale .
At the end , I had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't come back to me .
But not only Mr. <unk> returned to inviting me , but I stayed as a full-time participant and hit my chair .
Something that I learned directly with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that children are cruel , but they never became any of me or a child .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became fun .
I saw clips online with comments like , `` Why is <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What 's the disease ?
We really should pray for it . ''
A commentator suggested even I would add my disability to my rsum , writer , a comedian , paralyzed .
disabilities is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do the <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- Yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
The doctors said they 're not walking , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday lives .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hate on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the red carpet by the <unk> of Susan <unk> 39 and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my hero , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs are <unk> . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> '' -- a charity to give the children Palestinian refugee kids , a tiniest part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live alive , and I do this talk to his memory .
Be in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
He lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small town to poverty and the edge of starvation .
With nothing to him there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , no work , no perspectives of the future .
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day , you know , a gentleman is offered to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He knows a set of people dynamic , which gives a break .
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They presented to a young man .
Finally , they 're home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That little boy in that little village with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were <unk> , a living terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how do the story of a small child in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city , and it ends with him ?
He was waiting for him .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that he pulled it out of what we call `` the waiting period . ''
And his story repeats itself in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young unemployed urban young people who were taking riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who seek something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people are not involved in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffer from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three in five people living in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the history of the <unk> period , the door to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They 're not doing pretty much .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit Hospital <unk> , the hospital where I was born .
I remember standing in front of that hospital <unk> thinking , `` What if I never had gone ? ''
And if I had been forced to be in that same <unk> period ?
Would it have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house some juveniles at a business summit .
It 's going to be over 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he said to me , because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white to al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest hurdle to reach from point A is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and the pub .
He started a motorcycles company .
He started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't get 'em .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of her family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the spirit spirit , and I think that entrepreneurship can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
They 're bringing young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are searching so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
It was helping me to train some of the young people at the summit of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years ago , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were from plastic sent from the foreigner .
If you asked somebody , `` When was the last time you saw flowers fresh ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a <unk> company .
I created a farm outside of <unk> , and he started to grow Nigeria and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink roses .
By the way , he 's not growing up because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , actually had a strong impact on them .
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they could be businesspeople , who could be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They 're creating business solutions for local problems .
So , to inspire young people and create a culture of entrepreneurial spirit , it 's really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas .
They need your experience and guidance to guide them in the development and set up their business .
We 're going to engage the young people with the resources they need , they need the support they need to move from conception to creation , and they will create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the spirit spirit is more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
I hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> period .
These young entrepreneurs are having tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : turn the young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and the Parks Parks of the Peace and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , a <unk> area north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves as a <unk> , and not the way we were still , almost to pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> , with view a beautiful Lake lens when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was a dump , of about four square feet with rotten apple balls dung balls , and footwear shoe .
And I was choked up , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The ones that were too lazy to take out what they had brought us , who thought he was going to clean out their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it would be a little bit .
Who cleans our garbage ?
No matter how to organize or where put the `` ours '' , who cleans our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> cleans our garbage , for 11 thousand tons of waste , and two billion tons of recyclable stuff every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through the routes and I interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I need to go to more .
So I started working like garbage trash .
Now I was not just traveling in the trucks . I did it .
And they operated the mechanical shafts and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevailing as you think , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies , and they continue to <unk> the weight of taking over their body tons of trash all the weeks .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Statistics <unk> , waste waste is one of the ten <unk> <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and getting into the traffic all day , all day , they 're approaching around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the garbage itself is filled with dangers that often get out of the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
Never stopped coming .
It 's also like a breathing or circulation .
You always have to be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
I think the stigma is particularly ironic because I think strongly that waste waste is the most important work in the city streets , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective protecting of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective way every day , it begins to <unk> from their container and their peril dangers , and its peril , in very real ways .
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start <unk> .
The economy needs .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for the new , so they start to fail when it 's endangered .
I 'm not advocating that capitalism , I just pointed out its relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average speed of everyday things .
And I mean by simply the speed that we used to get used in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about ourselves , and we do n't know , we cleaned or take them our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we throw them up , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a labor force on the other side to take from it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about the waste collection that maybe help you reduce the stigma and put it into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
His job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when it was <unk> .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a way of relief .
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves , from ourselves , of our own waste , our waste , and that flow has always been to stay in one form or another .
One day after 9/11 , 2001 , I listened to a gang collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of paper recycled as he did all the Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started looking at the waste collection and went back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , we work together a lot of times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species , we have to include all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the entire amount of waste of the nation .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their day and their lives , the next thing you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our life life , which is part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects like this .
Both of these projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
And after seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores in which people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy because the lining of the <unk> generates heat inside , so it 's needed a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should not happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And thirdly , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place as rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , it was actually hooked on the old market that is this structure of open air , where thousands of people , go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to we the site , which is located in a very much growth zone in the city , where much of the buildings that we see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating at a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , linking all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium , which creates a space of open air in the building that was <unk> , by its own shape , the sun and the rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how do we close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that would lead to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a <unk> <unk> shell , to allow the air entrance , and also the light , but in a way that 's shaped .
Then we become inspired by these beautiful buttons of the dresses of Ethiopians .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these small pieces of uninterrupted pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building .
This is going to be done with these small <unk> crystals that use light inside the building to light the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It was not what we ask . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was much more profitable than the commercial center , because it was finally more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no need to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy <unk> for the building in a city where electricity is short almost every day .
So we got a big advantage by putting on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which together collect water for inner people .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to run a project that was so big , the biggest I ever designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , their tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I set special attention to the <unk> , a <unk> structure of thousands that was surrounded by a wall with a dozen directions of access to <unk> lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets , creating 12 initial blocks that are similar to size and features in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of <unk> doors with straight lines , and this shifted the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the teacher plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in <unk> ?
And it 's a standard , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation .
So , you 're going to get a scheme to make sure that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then on the floor , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density at higher levels and a smaller density on the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The ceiling , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community the busy space of construction .
It 's where all the neighbors can go up and socialize , and do activities like running a couple of miles in the morning or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives change communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
So for this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have to connect nature to the people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had great amounts of hair , and a little <unk> <unk> , cute , it was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I finished that year and I was full of jealousy , until I graduated my sinister plan .
I was a time after the exit of school , and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , I took my master 's table , the report book .
And then I did .
I had my rival grades , just a little bit , just a few .
All right . And I set out to give back the book back to the crate , but to see , some of my other partners had very good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , we 'll put up the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all lines of <unk> and myself , just to be there , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt good about it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never caught me .
It was that it was all <unk> .
I never discovered me .
But above all , I 'm amazed for the reason that I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for <unk> .
I get jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Birds also . Birds are very likely .
We know jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to observe loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab where the jealousy of jealousy do all of their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's a exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , there would be no literature longer .
Well , there would n't be Helena to the <unk> , and it would n't have a <unk> .
There would be no king jealous , not `` A thousand and a nights . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
He 's going to go back at high school lists , because we would lose `` The sound and the <unk> , '' it would not be `` Gatsby '' not `` Party . '' We will forget the `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost it has all of them .
This year you get 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy , and also in ordinary competitiveness , and mine , everything we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details that we 're going to do , right ?
We think of a child , trying to reconcile sleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in tea .
We forget how hard it is .
We forget about the relentless it is .
I mean , this is books that Virginia <unk> said were as hard as a cat <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It will be very obvious how jealousy , which is reduced to the person , your desire , to their liabilities , are a good legal narrative base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
jealousy are making all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to itself that story , and since then he Proust says that every fresh <unk> that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds it to his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , the Proust accounts have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . We need to power it .
And how are the jealousy ?
The jealousy <unk> information .
<unk> use the details .
jealousy like the big amounts of hair , bright hair and the cute little <unk> .
The jealousy came from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links the language of jealousy .
When you 're <unk> in the jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> his lover ' servants , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look <unk> , and they 're making us look like <unk> , but in the middle , they 're search for knowledge , search for the truth , a painful truth . In fact , what happens to Proust , the more painful the truth , the better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss -- these are the pathways for Proust 's wisdom .
He says , `` One woman who we need to do , who makes us suffer , causes a range of much more profound feelings and vital men that can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to go for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal us to ourselves .
Is there any other excitement that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement of our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at so peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about it later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young young man who was being used with the idea that her wife would take him .
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get involved in what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that did his wife , without realizing , <unk> behaviors .
Do you get too much , or do n't accidentally be accidentally met with a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
novels are very good at this .
The novels described very well how the jealousy got us to look at it , but without precision .
In fact , the most intensely jealous we are , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And because of this reason , I think , jealousy are taking us to do violent or illegal acts .
jealousy allow us to behave in completely <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about myself for eight years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan of 52 years old was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from which I was sent to <unk> , horrible to himself , for a year .
For a year , every year .
She was trying to interview the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when I or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because we 're realistic .
What huge , though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like from a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be punch in a instant .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> 's going to <unk> or want what you have to take from your self and to get rid of what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> to your name , takes your rings , empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We can not take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all over the world , as much as I would like to .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in time of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social networks , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
The novels shows us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not secure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to Baker Street and ask Nick Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think of the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always had one favorite one , `` <unk> '' [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head head of <unk> Scotland , who needs desperately , and he needs Apple 's genius , but he 's annoyed .
Oh , I 'm so familiar with it .
<unk> needs its help , but it was <unk> , and we can see it with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of the Six <unk> , '' once she enters , <unk> all of his solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person in Scotland Scotland who would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Holmes moved in history , I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry problem , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Dusty is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they 're on the same side .
All of a sudden , <unk> is allowed to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a geometry issue , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get it out of the greatness in the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So while we hope that it will happen , let 's remember that we have fiction to <unk> .
It 's only the fiction of jealousy .
fiction alone , he invites them to the table .
And look what puts it out , the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , <unk> <unk> , beautifully Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out the Apollo 11 module and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but their presence in the gray surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization in the history of the U.S. history .
To get to the Moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people 's work and asked about 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
They died people , including the Apollo crew crew .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked on its surface , which Aldrin was Aldrin after Armstrong 's death last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot back , but they did n't get a lot of old rock pounds , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the divine and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the bare words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 , 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why would scale the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice play against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , Apollo was not just a victory of the West about the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the most strong emotion , the powers of the powers of technology .
It was because it was a great thing to do .
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> , and I eliminated smallpox .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with a candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 flew 200 miles of / hour .
Since 1970 , no human has gone back to the moon .
No one has been faster than the crew crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism optimism about the power of technology has evaporated from seeing that problems that we imagine that the <unk> technology like going to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the population , seem to be a bit of time .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me to do n't look at the <unk> tube from the rocket Saturn Saturn V .
I knew earlier that this would be the last left mission , but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars .
So that , `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here , at TED .
It looks like the technologists would have become distracted by trivial toys , things like iPhones , applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a seminal explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have created less ambitious companies than those of the years at <unk> at Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley is that markets are the guilty , in particular , the incentives that venture capitalists offer to businesspeople .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused creating ideas of <unk> ideas by funding or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
Mostly what 's going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their high point without worrying about risk , small investments , small investments , smaller investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest for benefit in technology as energy , which need a huge amount of capital , and that development is in the long term . They 've never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have a immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision to be popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the global energy consumption came from sources of renewable energy , like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want any alternative energy sources that can compete at price .
Now the technologists , the entrepreneurs and economists agree about what politics and international treaties provided the development of an alternative energy : mainly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of price of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 'll see an energy policy from the U.S. or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that look like technological , is not to be .
We know that famines are a result of failure in food allocation .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and <unk> , but there will be famines and there will be bad governments .
Finally , the big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
The Nixon president was declared the war in 1971 , but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer , some <unk> to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to be found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we ca n't solve the problems with technology .
We can and we need , but these four elements have to be present : The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions have to support the solution ; it should really be a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the technology 's ability to solve big problems , meets those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There is no competition in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who <unk> hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And it really was n't dealing with any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with <unk> the insights that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> in our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease in trust , is a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confident .
And the third one is a task : we should reclaim trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task have been touched .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about it .
First of the claim , why people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I 'm going to bow to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions , and that could be raised in others .
I do n't know .
But I can use the opinion polls , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has declined .
When you look at the opinion polls over time , there 's not many evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were <unk> 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , continue inspiring the same distrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway on the street .
But is this evidence for enough ?
What the opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people exist when you ask some questions .
Trust in politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if anybody would ask you , `` Are you going to take you in the <unk> ?
Did you go on the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably would say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in others not . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to place trust in a distinct way .
We do n't suppose that the level of confidence we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or kind of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain degree of elementary teacher that I know to give the reading class , but in any way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative , to keep a conversation , but not , maybe to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why are we going all of that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract form ?
I think these surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to define the good judgment of the fact that they trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more trust .
I think it 's an stupid goal .
It 's not that the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would have to have more confidence in which it 's trust , but not what it is not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen on not trusting what 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who would take their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madoff , which then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not a smart goal in this life .
Cybercriminals deposited with intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say it , it says , yeah , it means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it is about to do a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to do a judgment , we are forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are you honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found that a person is competent in the <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but not trusted them to get a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to have your own skills .
And I 'm glad to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before trust .
The trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
Over the last decades , we 've tried to build accountability accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember one time I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that it takes longer to make paperwork paperwork to attend the itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and the institutional system , that the law enforcement system that is meant to ensure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness .
What they 're doing is to make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , let them evaluate the boxes , as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
Everything , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we 're worthy of trust , and we will tell people that we are trustworthy and if you 're trying to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , attitudes , which is not properly done .
Third , the task .
We 're going to get the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild the trustworthiness .
We can do that if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give them other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundations enough so they can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually to all people , all the time .
But you also have to contribute some <unk> evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , it does ordinary people , government officials , institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks -- I can return them without giving them explanations .
I take them back and get the money back , or they change the color of the color I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson in that .
If you get vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you 're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think what we 're aiming for is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people rely on is in relationships , and in that framework , you can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we have been working hard to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been reducing , increasingly , to such as a millimeter today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass of a display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started to imagine what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that gets deeper into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels .
So designers can address their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs underneath the screen .
So with this tool break the barriers .
But both of the hands are still on the outside of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity dexterity ?
In the Science University of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> mentor , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
So I combined a transparent display with cameras deep to find your fingers and your face , now you can lift the hands of the keyboard , get inside of 3D space , and grab the pixels directly with your hands .
As windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a shelf on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're sitting in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and I went back on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about it .
So what I 've got here is a virtual rendering of the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translucence when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing the pixels in space , how can we make physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of levitation and mechanical mechanics and detectors .
And by programming the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan is able to reproduce as a physical reality of the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets , the physics , and as opposed to monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without we have to have it <unk> from our world .
We started today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was shocked to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to get to a school for athletes with all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believe strongly that there were only an accurate path towards happiness : a safe and paid job .
No matter if the job would like me or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young people to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of school , and the host of a radio show .
But no adult gave her the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive of me , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was too much longer to train .
My dream will never come to work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life , a second class happiness was all the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I solved looking for another calling .
Anybody around me wanted to teach me ? OK .
<unk> the books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' from <unk> -- `` <unk> My History '' ] [ `` <unk> of History , '' I arrived in the United States in 1995 , and what were the first books that you 've got here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient <unk> . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but weird .
That 's a theme for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` Get your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this trap of guilt <unk> and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I meet a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
It 's a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
<unk> reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's the research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to investigate , why not do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books about two .
They can be people , `` Benjamin Adams '' from Walter <unk> ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] They were involved in one event , or friends with shared experiences .
By the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
For the Buddha , they 're all psychological -- lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .

For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel alone or powerless .
Having a sleeping dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a broken dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , which I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So , books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a student during psychology clinic in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman called Alex .
Alex came into the first session , using jeans and a <unk> evening , threw on the couch in my office took off the shoes and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class partner had a <unk> .
And I was touched by a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it was easy to just move my head to just moving the way through the solution .
`` <unk> are the new twenties , said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you get home later , you have children later , to death happens .
<unk> like Alex and I had a lot of time .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to push Alex to Alex , to talk about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming out with guys under the category , he sits down with a <unk> head , but it 's not like he was to marry him . ''
And so my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe get married next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people sit head after what they used to be , but this did n't make the <unk> of Alex being a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for the careers , the future and the future of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to adulthood without having to go before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , you love each other , you can take away the dream of each other -- I want to see . Okay . Incredible , the truth really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be spent at 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments `` Ah , '' which shape your life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many .
People over 40 , I do n't panic .
This audience is going to be well , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career has an exponential impact on how much money you gain .
We know that more than half Americans are married , they live , or they 're coming out with their future partner for 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage stage of growth in their <unk> , which means that if there 's something they want to change yourself , it 's time to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> than in any other time of life , and we know that female fertility comes to the top of the 28 , and things become complicated at the 35 .
<unk> are time for education on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where their everyday life and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the ones are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline .
The researchers call them a extended adolescence .
The journalists had a ridiculous name to <unk> as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality that 's actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when they give him a kid on the head and they say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , <unk> smart , interesting like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as a career begins before 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the chairs of chairs .
They were all running , and then at some point around the 30s , the music turned off , and they all started to sit down .
I did n't want to be the only one who would stand stop , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's an enormous amount of pressure on the 30s and so many of you start a career , pick a city , pick a couple , and have two or three children in a much shorter time period .
A lot of these things are not compatible , and there are research that starts to show , which is much harder and stressful doing everything once in the '30s .
The middle-aged age crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You can notice that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give you a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the ones are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because I was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he would like to work in art or entertainment , but it still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a waitress .
As it was cheaper , it was alive with a boyfriend that showed more favorite .
And despite living very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even harder .
I often agreed on our sessions , but then she was getting up by saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book , and I had spent the entire morning I 'd come up with her many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words `` in emergency , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and he said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take me care if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that point , I had a lot of work to resist and not to say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a little bit worried about it .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was her opportunity .
I had learned so much since I worked with Alex as I was just sitting in a while , while the ultimate decade of Emma was happening in front .
So , over the next few weeks and months , I told Emma three things that all dolphins or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma who was forgetting that identity crisis and identity capital .
For identity capital , I mean to do something that is value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital creates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that they want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm going to cross exploration that should n't tell , that by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and she would tell them .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you into the airport , but the ones that come together with friends with similar minds are limited by who you know , what you know , how they think , how do they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes out of their closest circle .
The new things come from what they call weak ties friends of friends .
Yes , half the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have work .
But the other half no , and the weak links are the way we get into this group .
Half of the workplace is never released , then , knowing the head of your neighbor is a way to get a job that was not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Finally , not least , Emma believed that you do n't choose her family , but I know her friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as <unk> , Emma would soon join her family , when he has a couple and form her own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better enough to sit down that 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choice to the person you live in now or now , when everyone on Facebook start to walk towards an altar , it 's not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it , and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who , and what they want instead to do is work or kill time with whoever you choose to you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found a fellow of a cousin of a cousin who was working in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That offer was given a reason to leave the boyfriend that she was alive .
Now , five years later , it 's special <unk> events .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , loves her new family , and I sent a letter to me that said , `` Now the spaces of emergency contacts are not big enough . ''
Matthieu 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport , who come out somewhere in the West .
Just before the takeoff , a slight fit in your trajectory makes the difference between Alaska in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , even the 29 , a good conversation , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the years ahead or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the <unk> you know .
It 's as simple as I learned to Alex .
It 's what I now have the privilege of telling <unk> as Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get your identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They do n't define what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very challenging job at management consulting for a work that was even more picky : the teaching .
I was to teach them mathematics mathematics students in New York City public schools .
And as any teacher , I applied testing and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When the work came back , we run the grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance , did n't have any <unk> scores .
Some of my smartest children were n't going so well .
And that set me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , secure , they 're hard , proportions , <unk> , the area of a given given given given place .
But these concepts are not impossible and so convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough .
After several years of teaching , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure best .
It 's the <unk> , but what happens if you succeed in school and in life , it depends on much more than the ability to learn from a quick and easy way ?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and every study my question was , who 's successful and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> <unk> in the military training and who are <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what children are going on as far as possible in competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in the really difficult neighborhoods , what teachers are still teaching for the end of the year school and of those who are the most effective in improving the results of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to maintain their job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it emerged a feature as a important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health , and it was not <unk> .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
determination is clinging to its future , day after day , not only a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future reality .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a race at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students who did my questionnaires of determination and then waited for over a year to see who they were being completed .
It turns out that the children with more determination was significantly more likely to graduate , even when I matched them on every single feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the safety of testing , even the security that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only on West Point or <unk> National <unk> in which it matters the determination . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking about determination is how little we know , how little people know about its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you development for the children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The more honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who just do n't keep on with their commitments .
In fact , in our data , human determination is not related , or it 's even related to the talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to kill them when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the mindset growth is a great idea to develop purpose .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'll end my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they have been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to be wrong , to start all again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our children more specific .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was fascinated by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so that they want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method and quickly learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each character from every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster , simple way .
It 's a Chinese academic <unk> 20 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , restaurant menus , understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers .
Today , I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open its mouth as much as possible to be square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a ride .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if he was screaming instantly , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally from the form of the flame , but I like to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks for a lot of more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` going on . ''
As the old said , two are company , three are crowd .
If one person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was this big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person is stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a board under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an <unk> . Easy to remember , because a tree is a pretty idiot .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out about the horizon .
So one door . Put a board inside the door , is the flame of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played somebody at home ?
This person is getting hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , watch care is adultery .
So we 've already gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next eight characters group build another 32 .
So with every little effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing learning a Chinese eight years .
So after meeting the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is in China .
So a sun together , together , we create Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two stacked mountains over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> are going to their political enemies beyond mountains .
Today , exile has turned out .
A mouth that tells you where to go out is an output .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be my dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite films with my kids , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave her a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and bring a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand it is extraordinary .
We now live in and we raise our children in a kind of industrial complex shows .
However , the magician of Oz was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend actually took rise to 40 years later with , interestingly , another movie whose protagonists , a metal guy , and a <unk> kid <unk> a girl dressed as an enemy guard .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician 's magician and all the films that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think that the magician of Oz is doing today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you are salvation of Oz like the prophecy of prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat armies from evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
The other unique thing from the magician 's magician is that the most heroic , wise characters , and even theoreticians are women .
I started to notice this when I did `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
It 's only three years old .
He was not invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the surveillance level had gone down . So I slid it in the room and became impressed as a mother of his leg with his stones behind , and I did n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> everything .
I wonder what an perceived thing .
Would you be issues of value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should I feel that Luke was an army to overthrowing the government ?
So let 's contrast this with the magician 's magician .
How does Dorothy be won ?
We 're doing good <unk> with all of them and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz , right ? And not a world of men fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much an F capital force , force in the movies for our children , and so little the yellow building path ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know an experience that Princess <unk> does n't give me the right framework that I would have served to navigate through the world of adults who are mixed up . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that they would start to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have a girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
movies are focused on defeat a villain and get your reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like being a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are lots of exceptions , and there are a lot of exceptions to Disney princess 's princess .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , kids , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job teaching girls how to defend girls against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful subject of all time is continuing in classic after classic , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , eventually came out of <unk> .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism said when he came out of <unk> ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar is made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films happens the test of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not roots , and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation I 'd had with a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions you should be done : In the movie , there 's more of a female character who has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Are your conversations about something more besides the kid who likes it ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
I 've seen it . I 've seen it , and yet it hardly I see it in the movie we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar , ritual success , a consensus of what 's a <unk> movie .
Pretty much , not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie is happening in a embassy where men and women are hidden during the hostages crisis .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this spot , and that 's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So I 'm going to take them into the numbers .
In 2011 , from 100 more popular movies , how many of them do believe they have female actors ?
Eleven out . It 's not wrong .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen for recently to Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
Here 's what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think that video of music or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do you do n't get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat a villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and do n't speak ?
Are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> them .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it 's going to help , but I have to ask , but I have to ask , `` Are you going to ask yourself , do you know , do n't it active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ? ''
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly the parents .
I think we have to show our children as a new definition of manhood .
The definition of the masculinity is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the <unk> and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite `` Star Wars '' character , you know what she said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people in order to bring them to their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of story for my daughter , and I like that kind of story for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want fewer stories in which I tell my son : Go and fight alone and more stories where his work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things that I liked was to look for sea biscuits on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I was lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to them .
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me get involved .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I can see with my own eyes .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 2,000 miles of length along the Nile .
And my sea biscuits grew up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared .
This is a place located in the eastern Delta called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and we process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the actual chemicals in the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we used the satellite data to find an ancient city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits at the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , the architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , and it turns out inside the red circles here , but somewhere within this huge continuous continuum .
This area is huge , it 's about roughly six miles per mile .
First of the Nile , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , moved into this one and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city below a long landscape ?
And I 'll try to find it at random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA NASA data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile did we get .
But you can see more importantly , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , which we thought might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sampling work ; you can see it here .
When I say sampling , it 's like the shots of it on ice , but instead of climate change climate , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick layer of slime , we found a dense layer of pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a miracle of occupation of several hundred years from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found works of <unk> -- <unk> , quartz and cat , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones used in the <unk> of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop which shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find out there yet , but we 're going to get to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , was probably written in <unk> four years ago .
Let me share knowledge is the biggest of all the <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as I think , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Then , to make ideas really started in 1984 B.C . in a lost city , not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly puts the search for sea shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes close .
Imagine standing outside , versus the door of <unk> house .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that is made .
Now it 's a group of <unk> obese group .
They 're competing on a bicycle race , and they 're in direction to their entry door .
I need to look at this really .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're jumping too much .
They collide against the door of their house .
There are bikes to fly everywhere , wheels that go on their side , rays from the wheels that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the threshold of the door .
The lobby , to the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , and the light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
He 's waving with the hand .
From their chair on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by having tickle your nose .
You can smell the oats cookie , and you see it 's about to go into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and trained their living room .
In the room , and making use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing on his downtown table , singing `` <unk> Baby One More Time More . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven coming into you Dorothy , <unk> Man , <unk> and Len , `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> the hands , <unk> towards you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular competition that 's conducted every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I suppose , that this was like the end of a wise man 's call .
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them only once .
We 've got the names of tens and tens of strangers .
It <unk> whole poems in just minutes .
It was <unk> to see who he could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking with some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All of the people who participate in this competition , they say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to do these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques , made a half a half a half years ago in Greece , the same techniques that I was using Cicero to memorize their speeches , and the medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do I have no heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside of the competition hall , and Ed , who is a wonderful , brilliant English , although a little bit of a bit of a bit of a bit , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to memorize the order in a deck of live cards , on national television .
That will prove the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the start of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remembered that I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allowed to see how our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the paper of landing Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library from Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books -- it was sparkling .
And by coming back , we read a number of treaties on writing memory , something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultured , not a thing as rare as you might be like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made us possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We 've been culturally changed , and I would say that they have changed as well as well .
As we almost do n't have to remember , sometimes it seems that we 've forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory is this very unique competition of memory .
It 's really not that singular ; there 's expertise like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a University of researchers University College in London invited a memory group to the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be brains in some way , structural or heritage values from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they more intelligent than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory memory and the control subjects with you compared to .
When they put them in an MRI machine , they 're going to take their brains while they were taking numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , they 've found parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorization is driving as a armed career where every year comes up with someone with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors should get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
At his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and that only he 's mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise binary basis .
Yeah . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions , absolutely all the techniques used in the end you get down to a single concept that psychologists <unk> .
It 's illustrates with a elegant paradox , known as the <unk> paradox .
That 's his last name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a `` <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Remember that word I told you a while ago ? ''
`` Remember what it was ? ''
The person who told her that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to memory -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , named Baker , it does n't really mean anything for you .
All the other memories that dance on their head .
But the word , `` <unk> , '' we know the fact .
They use <unk> hats .
They have flour .
They 're looking good when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when you were going to get that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some point back .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` palazzo palace . ''
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> who attended a potluck .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , he was n't brought to a DJ , I would hire a poet .
He stood up , he threw his memory poem , and left , and as soon as the potluck was collapsed .
They killing everybody .
But it did n't only killed everyone , but it ripped off the bodies , and they were <unk> .
No one could say who was there , no one could remember where they were sitting .
And so you could n't have the <unk> <unk> .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed your eyes and realized that with your eyes of his mind , I could see where he had been sitting in every invited .
It took the family of the <unk> hand where their loved ones were between the rubble .
What you 've found up at that moment is something that we all know about or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions word for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and space .
If I would tell you that my first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find it very hard to do .
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who 's sitting on the horse is brown rain in their lobby , you would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with the eyes of its mind and <unk> images with the things you want to remember . The more , crazy , funny , funny , funny , <unk> and <unk> is the image , more haunting .
This is a advice that comes back over 2,000 years ago , the first treaties in memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and they want to make it from memory , in the same way that I 'd made it separately if they had invited it to <unk> years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of <unk> , crazy and unforgettable image to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine moving into their house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> over Mister Ed .
And that 's to remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
So it 's like Roman speakers put up their speeches , not word for word , which is going to confuse you , but typical for a typical .
In fact , the typical term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about the oratory and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first '' would be like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got stuck with that .
I went to some of these memory skills and had the idea of writing something long about this competitive subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a boring event .
But seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on to take exams . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody got off the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sat down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old dollar school bought at a <unk> market .
And I found out that this was fun <unk> .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train the memory .
What 's actually about doing is better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , ridiculous , <unk> images , preposterous and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was really hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard team of training for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security goggles , leaving just two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could get into a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could actually serve for my whole research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute to be able to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to be put out of the memory or <unk> from cards , and to benefit from cards to benefit from a little insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was from an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The big memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they 're doing it .
It 's a kind of deep processing processing , sort of a whole kind of attention that most of you 're not going to get out there .
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things get memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what I 'm going to <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our brief existence on the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who is walking around our side . We 're going to be so upset that we did n't even make it up ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person who remembers remembering .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we would just take a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from N. Jersey , I was six and I was living there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I was sharing with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there was all of the time watching TV . So every time I walked out of my room , everybody looked at me , and every time I ran away and I came back into a towel , they all see me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure , and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , I hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , and a division of areas , but of those gut , emotional connections , that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we 're feeling that way , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling .
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines in ways we do n't even notice .
That makes us a bit naive and very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises to you : you think about power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that they 're going to be based on a building built a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the U.S. 20th century , we used it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solids , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build , and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they want to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a beautiful building .
It 's the Public Library of <unk> that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that let 's get out of it , what they 're trying to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , over another country , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and sharing .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both of these so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works as the principle of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; architects who are constantly carrying new technologies , new assurances , new solutions for current life forms .
<unk> , we 'll sort of gave it to you , and we 'll sort of push it so much , that we 're completely removed from the people .
All of the black , this is depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead because we have no choice .
We need to go on to the other side and go back to these symbols , and you can go back to those symbols .
So we 're doing it , and we 're all happy , but we 're feeling like <unk> , so we start to experience again , we 're going to swing the pendulum back to the back , over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It 's about concrete .
You can guess that .
<unk> , on scale dehumanizing .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching 80 , and we started to incorporate those symbols together .
<unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that we like and <unk> .
We 're going to add neon and we add bake , and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them any <unk> .
We took good-bye and we converted them into skyscrapers , which can be 1,200 <unk> made of glass .
The shapes was <unk> , they won the audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Psychologists grew up to the size of buildings .
crazy .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spend a while in commercial malls , and we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasy could be to the Mediterranean , to the French or the Italian .
Possibly a <unk> of bread sticks .
This is what happens with the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated memories from other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started doing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
You know the historical symbols , we now have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions -- a few ways that are attached to other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's super <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum will come again in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building was opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , from Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said he was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public in general , they were completely agreed on a building .
New York Times newspaper <unk> this silver construction .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in a half and a half percent when they finished the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these shapes , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous throughout the world ?
And it happened , because the media went around them and quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same is the world 's major mayors .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon , in the beginning of the new millennium , had other star architects .
It happened to Zaha and Turkey , and what happened with these few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually started to move with all architecture -- digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how they consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , you would have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
transportation is speeding up : they can take a ship , an airplane , they can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all architecture photographers , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't look very precise to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before I know what designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year-old movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we had no idea how much <unk> .
That 's never going to happen again . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , so far as we 're in both extremes , almost at simultaneous , and it becomes effectively the difference between innovation and symbol , between the architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make the symbols almost <unk> , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> at Fire in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as drawings looked like exactly the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , because these are not just images of a building , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you made the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory . And when you carry these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think of architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building is built today , first we 're going to go to the Internet in search of new libraries .
I would be bombarded with examples of experiment , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can bring to the mayor of 21,000 , people in <unk> , and tell them that there 's no single answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
Architects are already not these mysterious creatures that use words <unk> and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience who do n't accept anything I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you do n't leave to intimidate by architecture .
That means that the pendulum transferred from one style to another , from a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the story of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and it 's not a bad mimic , historical brick of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium must be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for ways that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings are attached to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida , can also serve to do sports or yoga , or even one can get married there at night .
This means that three architects can dream swimming on the East River River , and raising half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , as muscular and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , which matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you to love them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings do n't just reflect our society , but they give way to the smaller spaces : local libraries , the homes where we form our children , and the bedroom of the bedroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned on a year and started walking .
And it does that really cool , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is looking in the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
It 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives themselves those big , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of your friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it . And he made me think , `` When did I stop doing this ? ''
How are we suddenly not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people search for Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , he 's 13 and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it only wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , even though her mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says he 's ugly .
Among what your mom says , and what his friends , or fellow school classmates say , does n't know who believe .
So a video of her , he publishes it on YouTube , and he tells others that please leave a comment : `` Am I nice or suck ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it 's not even worth thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , current teenager who receives these answers in one of the stages of their most vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly girls , trying to communicate this way .
But what is he doing ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure that are online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , saying , `` I like , '' mentioning , sharing , publishing , this never happens .
We 've never been so connected , perfectly , instantaneous , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in her room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures on the hand with that are cold .
This environment , of being connected to our children based on their children based on the number of `` I like '' and the kinds of comments that are getting .
There is no divide between life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the difference between what 's real or what is not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is rigged digitally .
What is the biggest thing in the life of someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> remain <unk> our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
It 's like the sport stars of the sport , and the singers to <unk> .
But what is the problem with all this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy , and they are individuals very well .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other ways start to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls would prefer not to do something because they think they do n't see pretty good enough .
These are trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as human beings and as a taxpayer to society and the workplace .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're trying to participate in the classroom discussions because they do n't want to call attention for their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending at all during the days when they do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think you see you good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a little note to the average of your fellow partners who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has been pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it turns out regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , in order to be clear , we 're talking about as you see , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem of his body is influencing academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
teenage teenagers are doing less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , participate in more diet diet that can lead to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them , and they are at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's because of what they make more risky decisions , like <unk> and drug consumption , drastic diet , static surgery , sexual relationships , and without protection and harm damage .
The search for the perfect body is taking over to the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have no higher fees .
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in one day where they do n't feel secure in the way they look .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
<unk> this potential is for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , alone , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to nurture trust in their own body .
We need to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are lots of programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that lots of well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not only a positive impact , but also an durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focused on six key areas : the first one is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six ways are critical points for anyone willing to get an education on body self-esteem that work .
A fundamental education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us to take the reins on the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
Just challenging the current status of the women as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to count on the input of our politicians in slices of hair , or the size of their breasts , or whether or not that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start to judge people for what they are , not as you see .
All of us can start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you , `` When was the last time you get a mirror ? ''
In short , we have to work together as communities , like governments , and as companies , to really change our culture , so that our children will grow their valuing their entire person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put the people who are really making up the difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's get them out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never aware of being who they are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Your wife ?
Would her sister ?
Her daughter ?
Would your niece ? A friend ?
It could be just the woman who 's two seats away . What would it mean for her whether they were liberated from that <unk> voice in her interior , which haunted him for no longer having long legs , no more flat thighs , the smaller feet , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her , if we did this , and would we say to free awareness of that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding back to everybody .
But let our children be true .
It turns out that the way you see is just one part of your identity , and the truth is that we love those who are and why they do , and because they make us feel .
<unk> self-esteem in the rsums of our schools .
Let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and compared to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of age today , becoming agents of secure change in themselves .
Let 's do it .
On November five , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed to the rabbi named <unk> <unk> , the leader of the League of Defense <unk> .
At first initially , initially it was innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , started planning to plan attacks in New York , including tunnels , synagogues , the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were taken by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center , could not stop .
More late <unk> would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> American mother , elementary school , the two did everything for me to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims have to meet .
And I saw that when people take time to interact , they do n't need a lot to get to want to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who were so supportive of their hopes that they think we need to use all the possible media for everyone to live as them .
A few months before he was arrest , he sat along with me and explained that in the last weekend , he and some friends , they 'd been going to get shot training in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We came up with <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I hit my father , my father helped me hold his rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot I gave the little orange light on the target , and to surprise all , especially of me , the whole target burst out .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
It 's such a parent , such a son .
All of them , the comment produced a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later they would be condemned to put a <unk> , they 're charged with 700 pounds of explosives in the northern tower of the World Trade Center , causing a explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times , that instability in my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone already , it was time to pack up and go to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class as often as a victim .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I spent home reading books , watching TV or playing games .
For these reasons , I did n't have social skills , to speak , <unk> , growing under <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
They raised me , to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they put to test my thinking , was during the 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program I participated in at the National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group went into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my whole life , was something that I was really passionate about .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , towards the end of the convention , I found that one of the kids who had made them friendship , was Jewish .
I took a number of days to go out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was no breeding between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly I was very proud to have overcome the barrier that all of life had made me believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , and that experience experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of the life had been taught that the <unk> was a sin , and by extension , all the gay were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical ones I 'd seen in life .
Having been a child bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat people , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what that is to be homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged for something beyond my control .
Then they came the `` Daily Show . ''
Every night , Jon Stewart made me intellectually about my <unk> , and helped me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In many ways , he became my straitjacket in a moment where I was desperately getting up .
Sometimes , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has had enough <unk> <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy needs to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed it when my family decided to break my relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put myself at a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope someone , one day , who 's going to take him to violence , can hear my story and understand that there is a better way , that even though I 'm reminded of this violent and <unk> ideology , I was not going to become a fan of me .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , talking to those meaningless acts of terrorism , like rejection of my father 's actions .
With this simplicity show me as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now there is a film that projects in your mind .
It 's an incredible <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as your childhood moments we project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed on your flow of conscious thinking .
The movie 's heart is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness .
I do n't have certain that you 're conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we not just robots that are given to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the whole 20th century , we would take that vision .
psychology studying objectively considered behavior , neuroscience study the objectively brain , but nobody had ever mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the time for science to <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of scientific work about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that he made Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain brain areas do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
With no offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , it does n't address the real mystery of this matter : why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical topics are all of the emergent behaviors , how traffic strikes , how the hurricanes work , how the hurricanes work , how they breed , adapt and metabolizing , living organisms . They 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk around , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is that that all behavior is accompanied by an subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still has not much to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I would hit her head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that that was not working for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to lie at this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , and we get used to this -- physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to run that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is sort of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , and I think we need ideas that first look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and so it 's studied everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for a lot of others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying to deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks -- space , time and mass .
We 've got fundamental laws that govern the rule of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and properties do n't explain in terms of anything else .
Instead , you think about it fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass laws , Newton , and I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and he applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those govern laws .
I think that 's the situation that we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then by the matter of logic , you 've got the list .
The most natural thing would be to sustain awareness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not about science .
It opens the way to scientifically manage scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , laws connecting awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we could have such simple laws that we could in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could see them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> <unk> , `` Pan , '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes for Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of anguish when he thinks , `` Oh , I always always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But thinking is that perhaps photons can have some kind of crude , subjective feeling , some <unk> precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy for you .
How would someone think so crazy ?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that we 're thinking with the physical process , is <unk> awareness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there is consciousness processing .
We have complex <unk> , like a human being , complex consciousness .
Not simple , simple consciousness , simple consciousness .
A very exciting thing is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the level of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse there is a kind of integration of information integration , just as significant , kind of very important awareness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , the particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of integration of information is lower , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a level of different consciousness .
In fact it brings a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying the reality underneath .
As he explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where does the fire come out ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to restore our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that had consciousness , then I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll have a lot of hunger .
I think by thinking about it , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral belief is not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha 's artificial intelligence .
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated , integrated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are a fairly serious ethical problem about the ethic of developing computers , intelligent computers and <unk> ethics .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of whole collective collective , the planet .
Is it their own consciousness ?
Or at a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk . Right now , we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal movie for this entire TED group , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question to take seriously .
So this <unk> view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer in the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , the second one that is universal .
So vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those pieces of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we will finally discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I got myself excited with my friends , I would marry my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to get an award for the community 's award .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a very low profile in my mother 's head , and spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> <unk> and `` <unk> Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I was n't doing anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching a graduate school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in graduate school classes , and he raised her hand , and he said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the defamation law for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the acts of acts . ''
And that 's when I realized : This child had had experiences with people with disabilities as an inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the guy , it 's true , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And in fact , I 'm on this stage I 'm going to do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for it to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid we 're going to lie dramatically .
I 'm not here to <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've lied to the disability .
Yes , they have sold to the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital or a capital M .
It 's bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make it exceptional .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more than this lie through social media .
You might have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or , before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , from the girl without hand drawing with a pencil that was held by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid running with carbon fiber carbon .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn and porn .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because they 're going to take a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , let 's get to the disabled disabled people 's benefit .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so we can see them and think , `` Well , because of a bad thing that is my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you are that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that have been tackled to have been tackled to say that I 'm brave or a source of inspiration , and this was happening before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I got up to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are going to engage people with disabilities in benefit of people without disability .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
Let 's have some things .
But the things that we do n't have is the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' because I 'm afraid of the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with it .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned how much of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens with kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're simply using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So is it really right in the way that we do it , when sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're a source of inspiration , '' it says it 's like a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying , because they have been sold to this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't do it .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here to get inspiration from you , and you think , `` For God , <unk> , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And I know I am .
I learn from other people with disability at all times .
However , I do n't learn that I am more lucky than them .
Now , I learn that this is a great idea to use a barbecue question to pick up the things that fall down . I learn the ingenious trick of how to carry your cell phone battery on the battery of the chair .
Great .
We learn about force and resilience of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> .
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is because it 's not true , because of the disability social model .
A lot of smiles at a distance of stairs has never done a ramp on a ramp .
Never . <unk> to a television screen will not make the subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and glue a positive attitude to turn all those books on the braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be on a chair of being in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities than let 's get them out of bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a child at 11 grade a graduate school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that her new teacher is a wheelchair user .
The disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you believe to know about what you do .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow swallow ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so , please do n't get rid of it .
When people think of augmented reality , he thinks in `` Minority Report , '' and I had Tom Cruise <unk> in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because reality is augmented reality to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : The Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets them see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to fix it .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what is to run through the game camp at 100 miles per hour , the blood beating your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds , <unk> us , trying to apologize to everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's not nice .
I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of the NFL , because the idea of an NFL technology is a sub going up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a little bit of time .
Are they ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what is to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that you need people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> field : Test 54 ! Test 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be your favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see it from the angle of a field <unk> .
or from a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we stick with it , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Valley , which I 'm sure many of you already know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing games ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster beating for his life .
What 's the experience of a fan of a fan when you had a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , plug in a <unk> with the arm before running and do an notation ? What 's going to be the experience of a fan of a fan .
When I could be able to get them running out of the court , let 's throw it into the back of the network , or do you try to take an hour up ?
What is your experience when it goes from a mountain to over 100 miles per hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe the sales of diapers and adults .
But this is not even augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know , augmented reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners look at the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our equipment ?
How do we use it to win ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore Baltimore put a <unk> to his field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to publish them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios on the <unk> of the field <unk> and after the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming into their group , and you see their next couple of time in front of you , in a plastic display that you 're wearing , and you do n't have to worry about going to forget about it .
or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and they react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate losing games .
If you lose games , you 're going to be a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy .
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do it ?
Well , a very simple option would be a camera on every corner corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from the shops and the <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sending your players .
The good teams will know the send .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to take good teams of the bad equipment .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis to stop being just for nerds .
It 's also for athletes , who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're the field <unk> .
I would get the ball and <unk> it .
<unk> an open receptor . All of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight , you know , a defense behind you 's going to <unk> . I do n't really see it , but the <unk> system will get <unk> .
It 's called the protection area .
Another flashlight , you know , there 's an open receiver .
<unk> the ball , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receiver sees its sort of grass area lights up and can modify the race .
It 's coming up , catching the ball , runs and put it up .
The audience goes crazy and the fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game .
So I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
augmented reality is part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you to ask is , is that the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for against sneakers .
It generates billions of income a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful actions are your actions from the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay man in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it is being haunted ?
How much is it too much for a Hadfield poetry or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in <unk> California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the end of the South County of <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known across the world of the beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer chief engineer to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is almost to proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical or practical .
But from its openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people think that you travel between the two towers , taking them to another dimension , this bridge has become idealized , so that each one of it frees you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go below your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a fall of four seconds , the body hits the water approximately 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , normally , in the wild water , and they drown .
I do n't think that the ones that are going to have this suicide method realize the death of the death that they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
Here 's where most people were to take off their life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in your darker moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year as this young man talking to an officer looking at her life .
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the way through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who had suicide bombers , but the officers too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met this last year 22 last year when I was getting a call from a suicide subject sitting in the <unk> near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I watched Jason talking to a Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason , Jason was only 32 years old , and I 'd flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up here twice before New Jersey to try to kill her from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , we asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She went out pests and sorrows and all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
You stopped a few moments , leaned on on the right , and it was .
This kind of smart , smart boy in New Jersey , had just taken off her life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi rabbi called me to see how she was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
<unk> damage is affecting a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or somebody loved it out of suicide ?
What would you say ?
You know what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to us to understand .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point you need .
If you think somebody 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask them the question is , `` Other people have thought about ending your life , have you had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front can save the life and be the inflection point for them .
Other signs look for : hopelessness , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to believe there 's nothing that you can do about it , and in recent social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son on January 19th of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's with her permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hi , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people , and go home talking about it to your friends who tell your friends and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing most moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving to San Francisco to see the game of 49 Francisco to see the 19th party on January 19 .
He never got there .
I called the police officer and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officials came to my home and reported that the car 's car was down on the bottom .
A witness I 'd seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> afternoon .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before without having a real mental illness ?
It should not be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful harbor , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk down the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call by a possible subject subject on the sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my motorcycle on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , you immediately cross the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the following hour and the next half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided that he 's going to come back over that lane to come back over that lane and give life another chance .
When Kevin came up , you 'll get it back .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I said , `` What did you do that you go back and gave hope and gave hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard me .
You left me talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , nothing erase the events on the 11th of March , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin keeps with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> by help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly diagnosed .
She took Kevin to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious of all of those traits , but thank God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We give God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited San Francisco in San Francisco that night , you 're looking at the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Currently , Kevin is a father who is loving and active in society .
It talks openly about the events that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , stealing the opportunity to meet .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who consider suicide , or those who consider suicide , would n't think of hurt someone else .
They just want their own pain .
Typically , this is only achieved in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and called suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who was talking about about an hour .
During that time , I 'm going to give me the hand in three occasions .
At the end line , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
No , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , however , that the vast majority of people who come to contact with that bridge did n't kill themselves .
Also , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and they can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they leave on the side of the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not just connect to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and each one of us must be able to work for .
suicide can be prevented .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your inside you know what you are , and a question asks you : How do you become like that ?
I have to be something in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way I 'm alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I finally achieved the dream I 'd had since a child .
My outside , finally , I would end up with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , the ones I 'm going to go over later , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm barely starting .
We all get rid of our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some people have the courage to get free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
They 're people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called a revelation .
This is mine .
I signed up as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genital appearance .
I remember my five years in the Philippines in the Philippines , I was always wearing this t-shirt on his head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to fix it .
The gender has always been considered an unchanging fact , but we now know that , in fact , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to tell you to share my story , not because I thought I 'm being bad , but how the world is all about the people who want to free free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , my dad and a family who accept me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's an Indian god , the <unk> goddess .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman that I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I was still wearing man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a <unk> beauty contest .
That night , she said , `` Why do n't you ever dwell on the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if she was able to get it to get rid of the inscription spending and the costume , and that night , I won a bathing suit , I won on the suit , and he got a third finalist among over 40 candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of beauty <unk> .
Not many people can say that their first work was from the beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the fellow goddess , especially when we traveled to remote provinces in the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , I called me and told me that passed my favorite card for the green card that I could go to live to the U.S .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , I called me and said , `` You know if you 're silent to the United States , you can change the name and gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to put two , `` And '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I was published in Thailand at Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
In the United States , it was necessary to have the surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the <unk> name and the `` F '' of gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears were seen .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman in <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who lived his truth was , but that , <unk> , did end his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our rates of suicide are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November , we do a global vigil for the <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who are <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha Johnson Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that one day there was no longer anymore than 20 in November .
My deeper truth took me to accept what I am .
Do you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you .
My own support network , my parents , especially my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women who have begun , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , I called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , all of us were assigned to a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that <unk> assignment , no block , and there should be a space that would allow people to do , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope you all be my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , parents generally know about their children , but I am one of the few parents who 's known to her daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education , by defending his rights in 2007 , and when he went into his efforts in 2011 , at <unk> the National National Peace Prize , became very famous , a very famous girl in her country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now her father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the story of humanity , the history of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when we 're born a child , their birth is not celebrated .
They 're not welcome , not by his father , nor for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , they give the mother to the mother , and nobody would get the father .
And a mother goes long enough to have a girl .
When it gives birth to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , they were <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , it feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , the newborn daughter , when it grows , he suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it stays at home and the school admits to her siblings .
Up until age 12 , somehow , has a good life .
You can have fun .
He can play with his friends on the street , and he can move through the streets as a butterfly .
But when he comes in a teenager , when it comes to 13 years , it 's given to me to leave her home without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of his house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It turns into the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if he took the code of that assumption honor , he could even kill him .
And it 's interesting that this assumption honor code , not only affects the life of a girl , also affects the life of family members .
So this brother , <unk> the joy of her life and happiness of her sisters in the name of honor of mind .
And there 's a norm more of patriarchal societies called an obedience .
It 's meant that a good girl must be very , very humble , very humble , and so <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accepting decisions of their father and mother and decisions of the elderly , even if he does n't want .
If you get married with a man who does n't like whether she 's married with an old man , you have to embrace it , because it does n't want to be seen from <unk> .
If the very young marry , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` People , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , the same lesson of obedience to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children .
And this vicious circle continues , and it goes on .
I was able to buy brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , trust me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked in his eyes , believe me , I felt incredibly honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a grandmaster of the freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and he took a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years old .
You might wonder , why should I mention a child admission at a school ?
Yes , I must have mentioned .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations that can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they 'd be surprised , two weeks before , when I went through the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters in any document .
That was why I value my daughter .
What my father could not give her sisters to her daughters , and I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I 'm going to be sitting with me when my friends came to see me .
They encouraged me to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to do it on his personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I 've done all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , he taught the students , to forget the lesson of obedience .
I taught the students to forget the lesson called <unk> .
We had a sisters and sisters , we fought for more rights for women , and we fought to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to go to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
Musicians were silenced , the players <unk> and the singers were killed .
<unk> millions , but a few people talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really terrifying .
At the age of 10 , I got up and got up the right to education .
He wrote a journal for the BBC blog , she offered her for the New York Times documentaries , and he spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It was <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign and October 9th , 2012 , was shot in his head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was hanging out between life and death , whispered to my wife 's ear , `` I should blame me for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he said to me , `` Please , you do n't get distracted .
You know the right cause .
You 've got your life in play by the cause of truth , because of the cause of peace , and your daughter was inspired by you and she was brought to you .
Both of them were on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words I 'm going to do for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was standing in the hospital , and he had severe pains and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , and I used to see a dark shadow of my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my smile , you 're going to get to my face .
I 'm going to be good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we 're getting sick .
You know , we 've learned from her and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the toughest times , and I 'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any girl 's rights .
He cries when he 's not done .
They fight her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special in my mentoring that has made so bold to get so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I did what I did n't do .
I did n't cut your wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> from the brain 18 years ago , and from that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I recently have joined the <unk> group , where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but the whole work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before I joined Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
You 're still just like smart or not ?
Not like that , will you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the sticky sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen different chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixing of chemicals , and try to get them to get to life .
More than I 've ever saved me .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would experience to try and get the <unk> dose , because it really does n't exist a clear map that 's going to say in <unk> .
I started to test with different mixes , and I was amazed by seeing how small changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way to think , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and chemical chemistry for a man in 20 , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts change .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person in the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several types like this , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out like an extreme .
But my big surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , so insecure , we fix a problem that had the front of it , and it just did n't happen .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of the men and about what they have to go through .
What I 'm trying to do is I 'm trying to accomplish those hormones and neurotransmitters and so forth , it was reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want it ?
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , look at things like that .
They thought that the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today you have to challenge this idea , and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works . It 's for me simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to creative thinking and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I 'm able to find the point right now , and I have lots of great mental <unk> , actually , very , very sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how quickly these mental images , of my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what if a filmmaker could be able to use his imagination just to steer the world who has the front ?
Or if a musician could get the music of his head ?
There 's incredible possibilities with this , as a way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two recent groups in neuroscience .
Both used MRI technology , MRI image functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan made by <unk> <unk> and your Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as you imagined , watching that same image .
The column on the right is created by the contents of the central column on the left of the left . You see that the difference is almost zero-sum .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost .
Now , let me share another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert the brain waves into recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while they 're going to get their brains to create a large , big reaction pool of brain reaction .
Then , you showed them a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while they will get a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information in the scanning piece of it to show you what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the fingers from the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This blew us up .
We 're right near that .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same map .
This was done with the <unk> systems of the world 's largest resolution systems available today , and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we get it ?
There are lots of techniques to do that .
One is opening electrodes and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offering that .
Many are proposing new techniques of projection by images , even me , with the recent outcome of MRI , first to ask ourselves the following , is this technology going to be the end of the road ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get larger resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , more <unk> magnets just offer small improvements in resolution , not increases by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : rather , bigger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different ways , like making a <unk> .
And why does this care ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI is to make large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> of resourceful , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and <unk> radio frequency with MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform field , we use structured magnetic patterns of structured radio frequencies .
So when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of open-source radio patterns , we can dramatically increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only the fluid <unk> fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to bridge our ideas directly to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be capable of ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and diseases .
We have little choices to open this door .
Of all ways , choose one year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , not in a traditional sense , not just from the gay closet .
I think we all have Rosetta .
His closet is maybe telling some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who 's pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other hard conversation for which one has gone through life .
Now , it 's a hard conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and to have out of that closet , is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't shake my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> played Franco as a litany .
And I 'm going to get the slope of my pants out of my grip , and I 'd put my head out , I would do a little bit , I would say , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be awkward silence on the table .
I would take my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and let 's go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid in three to 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time would say something .
And that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
It was a family silence , but this time I was prepared , and I was just about to get into the women 's issues on the table . I had my Betty <unk> .
Gloria Steinem 's dating .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
And then I took a deep breath , and I looked down and my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at me who 's not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question , `` Are you kid or girl ? ''
And then I took a deep breath again , and I got a lot of a lot about her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like a kid , and you saw the kid 's clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more from the type of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl stares at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that 's all . It just said , `` Oh , when you 're a girl . ''
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest hard conversation that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl 's girl and I , both , we were honest with one another .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some cabinet in my life , and I know often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how one feels like living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
I 'm sure I 'll give you 100 reasons why I 'm going to get out of my closet was harder to get out of their own , but this is the thing : The hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that to explain to somebody who have declared legal banking is harder to tell her that it 's been deceived ?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is harder to tell your five year-old son that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We have to stop blocking what it 's hard to do for somebody else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we have to just feel empathy because we all live something difficult .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in sin , and they may feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , no matter what their walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine himself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dress and my heel shoes .
It was n't a militant lesbian prepared to fight any child in four years .
I was frozen by the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet to put my dark grenade , and he 'll move just a muscle , is the most terrifying I ever ever made .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be not disappointed , and now the world was turned around .
He was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long , but if you do n't release that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my launches was more memorable was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was doing my Lady of honor , in my black dress and heels , I walked around the tables and finally got to one where the friends of my parents were , people I knew I was making years old .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` Did you have been in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my Antonio Antony ?
It 's very good , and he has never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV show ?
Are our favorite show ? Will and Grace Grace ?
And you know who love it ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but I expected to show desperately his support , to make me know that I was on my side , finally he said abruptly , `` Well , sometimes my husband is wearing pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as they have all the grenades corridors .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for somebody , but do they work ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
It 's like the hard conversations follow without my strong spot .
Ask anyone who I have left .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means to go out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> armor . Be yourself .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just <unk> your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , they 're going to be <unk> .
If they say their parents who may be gay , they 'll keep the hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- let the complex work .
You communicate your truth .
It will never be used by that .
And some of them can get hurt , they 're going to be injured by what they 've done , but I 'm never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some might be disappointed , but that something in them , not in you .
Those are expectations about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find it in a dark cupboard a grenade , you 've got to know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , an productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> that `` The question if a machine can think is as interesting as the question if a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a criticism of computing pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's step back .
We first start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're an alien race , that you do n't know anything about Earth 's biology and the neuroscience of the Earth and the intelligence of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth about the Earth , you would see it 's forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how to some time in the time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I 've done several years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , across several disciplines , which were pointed , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be honed adjusted for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we will measure the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so by taking all these different issues and by <unk> them together , I asked them for several years : Is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in the end of the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or maintaining open choices , with a force T , with the diversity of possible futures , yes , to an impending time future , tau .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like it stuck .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintaining open choices .
And so , realizing this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
What is the predictive thing ?
Do you define the level of human intelligence ?
Did you define artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more mess , or `` entropy , '' during their life , should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what happens if that cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence will become a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlates with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually it actually emerges directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize long-term entropy production in any system that it finds itself into .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal tests , play games of human games , and even winning money by trading , all of it without having to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing without falling over , here we see <unk> instantly a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability for tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
In addition to just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite ends of a rope at the same time to release food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This capacity for cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is broadly applicable into a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a game changer for itself , <unk> their potential for play .
Here we 're looking at a lot of people going to orchestrate new connections in a social network where your friends are constantly agreed and keeping successfully the connected network .
This same <unk> capacity also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we 're looking at the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend worldwide scope to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , it 's widely applicable in trouble in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see <unk> spontaneously discovering and run a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of stocks , successfully increasing the assets under their management exponentially .
This ability of risk management will have vast applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tool use , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , that leads to a system to maximize the future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the use of the term the robot , the <unk> play -- there was always the concept that if we 're <unk> intelligent machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
Machines get up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse .
It 's not that the machines first get smart , and then they 're going to take them up and try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence , that the general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How is it that looking for goals , do n't get out of this kind of framework ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants so to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize freedom of action and avoid the restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at a tipping point in human history , something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which points to that Earth is only one of the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes up .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance that there 's between them and their mother star .
In set , it helps us to understand whether these planets are small and Rocky planets like Earth 's planets , and also the amount of light they get from their suns .
At the time , this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure trove of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The 2014 was the hotter recorded .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused global scale , have rapidly surpassed our ability to alter their course .
But I 'm not the weather scientist , no astronomer .
But we study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with the hope of finding places in the universe that discover life beyond our planet .
You could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone very interested in finding life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the Sun , it might be considered a potentially livable world to show this for a mission as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , that 's why we study both of Mars .
Our views as the `` Curiosity '' tracks its surface to search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites which orbiting orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Companies now offer not just short space flights , but also the possibility of possibility of living on Mars .
But despite the fact that all these <unk> images remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty awful place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that are still going to colonize colonize , places we actually put in comparison to Mars .
Even in the most dry places of the Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen , by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I worry that this excitement of the colonization of Mars and other planets will reach out with a great and sad shadow : the implication , and the belief that some of Mars will wait for us to save this <unk> of the only planet that we know is truly habitable , the Earth .
For a lot of that I 'm like exploration -- I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard to humanity 's kind of imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the party of the Titanic will be a place later on the boats . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and land preservation are not advertised .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environment here in our world look like aliens .
They 're just closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and keep these habitable spaces , in hostile areas and stages of land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a mental experiment : Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi physicist asked the question that our universe has existed for a long time , and we hope that there were plenty of planets in this universe , we should have found evidence for alien life .
Well , where are you ?
Well , a possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced and technologically advanced to consider the living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important the planets is to protect the origin of the planets that are going to develop this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only the colonization will save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend to the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
So a few years ago , I 'd run my own home .
And while I was on the front porch , looking in my pockets , I realized I had no keys .
In fact , I could see the window in the dining table , where they had left them .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all right closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from Jeff 's friend to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning , and I 'm standing in my passport and suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but it 's sure that not more expensive than a half at the night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , room room room .
I 'm a profession neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
<unk> cortisol that increases heart rate , <unk> the adrenaline levels and <unk> the thought .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I began to wonder , if there was something that could do , systems that could put in place , that can avoid bad things happen .
Or at least , if you happen , bad things happen , that we will lose the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month after my thoughts would n't be able to get it .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner , and a bit embarrassed him I was breaking the window , and that I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me who had been practicing something called retrospective <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about this a few years before , known as <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and tries to figure out what went wrong , yeah ?
In <unk> , it 's like Danny , you look forward and try to figure out all the things that they could go wrong , then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are obvious , others are not so obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , we 'll get a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common , and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over the course of thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the good , where the fish are , where the fish are , where you live the <unk> trees , where the tribes are friends and our enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that will become <unk> in London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they still could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing your car keys , goggles and passports .
So at home , you 'll get a place for the keys , a hook along the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For their reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place and they 're <unk> with it , it will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards , license driver , <unk> , <unk> by mail themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of <unk> 's practice is to recognize that under stress we 're not at the best time , and you have to put the systems on its site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation that when you 're faced with a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this will be used as a <unk> for all of them in medical decisions , and in fact for the decision-making financial decision-making and social decisions , any kind of decision you need to take from the fact that they would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the outcome of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a biggest risk of heart disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about this <unk> , and it knows that it 's one of the most upset drugs in the world today . You 're even likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question you 've got to do then , a statistic that 's got to ask for most of the doctors do n't want to talk about , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to have a surgery in any medical procedure before they help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if not to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's somebody 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only from 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number needed to try to deal with it more widely prescribed , what do you think ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research researchers of cynics tonight , and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I just explored the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability in 300 to slow my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistic , and it is , `` <unk> of the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle pain and articulate , Nice pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
Now remember , under stress you do n't think clearly .
So think about how you 're going to do this over time , so you do n't have to manufacture the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped them , five percent of the 300 have the side effects , that 's 15 people .
One is 15 times more likely to get away from the drug that will help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they needed or not to take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying you must have this conversation with your doctor .
Economic ethic is part of the principle of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air of the crash , but actually this number that we need to treat is quite typical .
For the surgical surgery that 's done in the older men in 50 , prostate cancer , the number needed to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they produce in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include whether that includes helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , telepresence , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects , just one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can pose to make the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this stuff in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a lot of choice many times , want a shorter life in pain , or a longer life that could have much pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think of now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can shift from opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that point is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido , or the immune system , because if your body is spending the metabolism on those things , it 's not reacting to quickly . You could get to the lunch of lions , so none of that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train to think about the future of these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail when .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures might be , to put the systems into the place that will help you minimize harm , or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place .
I got to the night of snow at night in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor had installed a combination of combination next to the door , with a key to the front door to the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I have n't ordered , and lots of email I did n't read .
So I 'm not quite organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm making it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` I think '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing from a tree of <unk> ' tree , and you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system , the <unk> , besides a little bit of my own story .
The French sign language came over in the 1800s , and over the time , they mixed with local signs , and developed the language that we now know as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years old .
I was born deaf , and they taught me to believe that the sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize it 's not true for anything .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , they 're really in my mind every day .
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following blind their rules , customs , behaviors and <unk> standards .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
And I learn , and I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't <unk> the door ! ''
`` Do n't make a lot of noise when you eat the potato bag ! ''
`` You do n't know , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the plate . ''
All of this I call it `` sound tag '' .
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> of sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for you to make up the sound , which is to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , by continuing .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that the <unk> has no notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle <unk> and blobs .
In behavioral culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , to make my thumb like this , it does n't feel natural .
That 's why in my drawings I have only four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic project there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Is it going to make me more from art ?
I realized it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not just experience through your ears .
I can feel it in touch , or I can experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had been taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control -- social currency .
At the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was something of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower me .
I chose to get myself to me .
There 's a culture of mass around language spoken .
And only because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if it had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I am able to be relevant in today 's society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with many different performers of <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for <unk> their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I would not continue with this practice , I feel that I might be able to do it in oblivion and do n't have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express fully on the paper .
And the same can be said of a concept in <unk> .
They are both very <unk> and highly <unk> what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning both of the signals as well as sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you can understand how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
The <unk> divide in many different <unk> parameters .
If you map a different parameter for each finger as you play the piano , like facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed of the body , the speed , the shape of your hand , and so , as you play the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 've got one key at the same time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a concept of clear or an idea of <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing happens to music in terms of tone , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the `` <unk> '' signal .
This is the `` <unk> '' signal .
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> away .
Oh , I 'm scared .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So , I started thinking , and if I look at it through music glasses ?
If I had to create a sign and put it over and over again , it might be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun goes out and put it up .
This is `` all day . ''
If you get it , and we 're going to slow down the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can say for `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` during the night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time expresses it in <unk> and how distance the body can express the changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` Last '' and the last , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea , `` Once there was one time . ''
`` Time Time '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically in `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : hand , E , left hand .
We have <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face ] 2 : <unk> ! ] [ Time ] [ Time ] ) [ In your chest : E : E , a flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
All with the hands in high .
Now we 're going to do so much in your head like the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love with the international system .
The international system , as note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and language languages worldwide .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization and lighting . ''
Nice work .
Look at how three signs are very similar . They all occur in your head and the chest , but they pass very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And only because the <unk> does n't have sounds , automatically does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allowing the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learning <unk> , and you have to hear to learn music .
The <unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like you to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say to me , `` You can get everything , but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance , I have to say , because adults would lie to us from the horrible truth .
And when I became older , I found out that the adults also <unk> and that they 're not very good at cleaning the other ones .
The time happened , I 'm now an adult and I teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait so much for my students to walk around the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , not drinking alcohol , and if he is , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but now more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And over the last few decades , we 've been going out with these big ships and networks , to collect these pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope and classify them and put this information into a map .
But it lasts for eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So along with my students , with ages ages 15 to 15 years , we dreamed of making a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this working table working with <unk> so that the kids are very eager to participate as well .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who manipulate tools are great and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure out something that we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just by collecting information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids get very excited with robots .
Then we started what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick at creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we took light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that moves slowly through the water and the plastic we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get an estimate estimate of plastic in the water .
It 's going to make this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone will improve even more .
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix them right away .
I can research my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children .
You see the news , you get to the Internet , and they 're going to get into this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning an oil spill , only using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink , it 's the water that they bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can see also that water is brown , mud , and oil is also brown , and when everything mix , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a very first prototype of an idol which can burn through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
I 'm going to run this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids .
I can look at a problem at the distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe address a harder problem , and also close to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French and you may remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear store close to water .
And today , according to the reports an average of 300 tons still are leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the West coast , we can measure the radiation in Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it looks safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've become Fukushima every year since the crash and research with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take children .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents did n't let it .
But every night we reported to the center control -- here 's the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the job seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with her entire life .
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created an elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and sprinkle water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was an estimate estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear power to date .
It takes us to a half miles of the nuclear center , and with the fishermen of fishermen , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a tracker of sediment as we invented and we built .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies , too simple .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became so small , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost from everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with adult aid , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or , can we help in the mobility population , transforming their standard wheels on standard wheels in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to prepare for the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people , and so that I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposing design .
One is made out of thousands of steel parts , one of just one silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other one .
One is imposes on the environment , the other one creates .
One is designed by nature , the other one for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
The <unk> was unique tool by Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smaller units of life , the cells , we take all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by slave manufacturing and mass production .
<unk> lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects like <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are denser with small pores .
You 're actually acting mainly as filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : There 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes gradually its functionality through variation 's variation .
Here 's a split display that represents my vision of the divided world , the double personality of every designer , and the architect in working today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the growth , between the assembly , and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analytics and synthesis , shown on the two screens after me .
My job , on their simplest level , is about bringing these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching the growth .
You 're probably wondering , why now ?
Why was it not possible this 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a weird moment where you have four disciplines that give designers access to tools that we 've never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please , know the minds and my students ' hands .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large-scale , like this robotic arm with a reach of 24 meters in diameter with a base that some day not too far to print entire buildings -- and graphics to nanoscale nanoscale <unk> made in the dark .
So here we have <unk> the strictly , an archetype of the ancient Arabic architecture , and has created a screen where every aperture is size to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion license with <unk> <unk> -- it 's like a second <unk> made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
With <unk> 3D printing , we print this layer and three-dimensional 3D skirt between cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in 20 microns resolution .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical analytical , and the synthetic instruments , it allows to design products that are required not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the same time , comfortable , but also it absorbs sound .
The Carter teacher , my collaborator , we went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 've got this surface of 44 different properties , that vary stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , as in nature , function its functionality not by the addition of other material or another assembly , but continuously <unk> and delicately the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is there no place in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them got stuck and he got to define a lot of what I care about .
As she <unk> : `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree of fruit . ''
For that first tree <unk> , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was an fruit .
Instead , the land made trees grow with branches , cortex , water and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would be the design if the objects were made of a single piece ?
<unk> a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruits , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We called it <unk> <unk> . <unk> a lot of shrimp husks and <unk> and produced pasta .
<unk> the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a broad range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , smooth and transparent .
To print the structures on a large scale , a system was built with multiple drums of <unk> controlled .
The robot could vary the properties of material properties and create these structures made of a single three feet long , 100 percent recyclable material .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms used that first time on the planet is 3.5 billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard , and MIT , we were taking the genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition with no mesh problems , and if it stops even more , windows .
A fruit tree <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for productive objects , put on the sea , <unk> marine life ; put them on the ground , will help rise to a tree .
The fit for our next next exploration uses the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep their lives for <unk> travel .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made made by additive and <unk> .
I like to think about synthetic biology as liquid alchemy , just instead of <unk> beautiful metals , new biological routes are synthesized in very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
He lives in our oceans and the fresh water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that lies in the human intestine .
It turns the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar , and it produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does not interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think about it as evolution , not by natural selection , but design design .
In order to hold these relationships , we 've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract , which will help you flow from these bacteria and that they 're going to promote their function of the way .
So we started to grow those channels into the human body , we will prescribe the properties of material according to the desired feature .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we would have more transparent channels .
This portable system system , when it stretch from one end to another , 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our tiny intestine .
And here it is , like speaking at TED , our first portable photosynthetic channels , brilliant liquids channels in the clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are earlier , fashion creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increases living stuff ?
And if we could create personal <unk> , that we would embrace our skin , nurture the damaged tissue and get into our bodies ?
Think of this as a way we edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
It 's always to go back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers .
It also knows that nature does n't do it like this .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're going to be used to .
Local manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of not two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , linking those fibers to each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turn on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to get down a cocoon of compression .
<unk> and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you would take a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , <unk> directly by the environment .
Often , the silk worms are , to death inside their cocoons , their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a single cocoon .
They become <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we actually climb this process to architectural scale .
We had a robot that we were making silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going to make them more dark and cold and cold , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the ray of light and heat , distributing silk worms .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
You 'd like , you know , you 'd make silk worms to a silk farm .
And after they took four weeks , they were prepared to get down with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding of scaffolding , and as they were <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said the tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you get biological silk on the <unk> silk , it 's all of this pavilion that 's all of this pavilion .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks old , intervening worms stretch waste miles .
In curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
<unk> , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
One <unk> silk is through a robotic arm , the other one fills empty .
If the last frontier of design is to bring the products to the products and the buildings around us , to form a ecology of two materials , the designers must bring these two visions of the world .
Which takes us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new age of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of design , which demands us , for the first time , that we take care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be most ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they were asked for the first time this ?
They can <unk> with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be most ? ''
It 's caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be most ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art and website websites . Also , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having long time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to tell you about it , and I 'll let me absorb , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found my own , '' and then this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern made me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first one was because I was n't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all of my other passions , and I thought to <unk> it .
Another reason why I made so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me was n't <unk> at all .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or I was dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story , and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you to have come back then .
Ask themselves , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned it from culture .
We 'd say first , `` What do you want to be most ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do .
It 's considered a naive question to trigger cute answers to kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to get the problem of solving here .
So this question is over and over again as we grow in different ways , the same thing .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be most ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise before what sleep removed .
Why ?
If this question inspire kids to dream with what they might be , it does n't inspire to dream everything they might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond to 20 different things , although good adults maybe laugh , but you ca n't laugh , but you ca n't be artisan and a psychologist artisan .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he is artisan in violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , the publisher of <unk> in <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative principal .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life focused is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to do for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But what if you 're someone who is not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different issues that show your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone as one in that framework .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And feeling something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is somebody with a lot of interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms with the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's have any word that you like or you 're going to get your own .
I think it seems like a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as a limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : The synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization , travel , mathematics and design , when they found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates <unk> jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this whole idea of his mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of your background , can access a lot of these points of an intersection .
The second <unk> superpower that is fast learning .
When we get them interested in something , we go to it .
We observe everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , by having been many times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid to try new things and get out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are <unk> to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new zone that we 're going forward , so we rarely started from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a complete <unk> and independent writer .
As a child , as a child , an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before I became a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to do what you 're drawn to , even if at the end you leave it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is adaptability . It 's the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , websites designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it 's a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
<unk> Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to match the needs of the market , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quickly learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that could be lost if they 're wired to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encouraging them to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they 're in your heart , specialists .
They come out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams become a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive into depth and put up ideas , and <unk> provides a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all be designing lives and careers that we 're going to do with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , in large part , they 're encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized fellow partners .
So once said this , if there 's one thing that you take from this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to go through all the media .
That 's where you will give the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , <unk> with their many passions .
Follow his curiosity for those <unk> <unk> .
I took intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In 1901 , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric infection .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
I did n't know how to help <unk> them , but she went through it until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy and found weird plates on the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The even more surprising thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give her any more help than the one that he was going up with 7.9 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From 1901 , medicine has been very advanced .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infection , many treatments for cancer , drugs for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But a little bit of progress has been done on Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's is almost one of each two .
In other words , there is the probability of it to spend their years with Alzheimer 's or helping care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and its costs required an increase in five times by 2050 , as the generation ages is older .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's disease is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's gotten relatively little to fight .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death worldwide , Alzheimer 's disease is the only one that can not prevent , cure or even slow down .
We understand less Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and cause a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everyone should have , Alzheimer 's disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 18 years , everybody , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of an aging brain in comparison with one patient 's Alzheimer 's patient to see real physical damage by this disease .
In addition to spark a severe loss of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's disease significantly significantly lifespan , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and masses of <unk> in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami .
There are places in the paper that are being heard .
And when it folds right , these dots are being folded up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some points are being left outside .
It makes the protein molecules <unk> in each other , forming groups that can form big plates and this piece .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification that blocked it is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that locks it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , they have reduced the wires and expected the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemists , engineers , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now , now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that block this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened to test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that are stuck in each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so it grows that hope , from overcoming Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not about scientists like me , it 's about you .
We must argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we tried , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have taken more research and pressure on governments , the pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to advance HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients ca n't talk to themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers from their loved ones , and night , they 're often too excited to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there 's 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the backbone of Modern Love , in January of this year .
To fall in love with somebody , I do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience when we tested it myself one night of last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers were <unk> to be 36 and more personal questions , and then they 're both looking at the eyes without talking about four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you get to another person ?
And just ?
You know , we 're getting together , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : This really likes your partner what you like from it or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to you you 've ever known .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the chance to test this study , with somebody who I knew not particularly very well , I did n't expect to fall .
However , we fall in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the column that we 're born for a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you are probably probably going to be wondering : follow them still ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because they 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
A week before the article was published was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been telling me to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably be a few thousand views .
And that was a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But he had no idea .
The paper was published on Friday at night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had been called the Today Show and the Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust writing honestly about their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they always did the same question : still the same question : still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` still follow together ? ''
And a number of messages appeared immediately .
They were students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , <unk> where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately put it red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't prepared for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to be their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , who included the experiences of readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse in all this attention was to be very withdrawn with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
I was on television interviews , and he refused to breathe orders of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the icons of <unk> in the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel at all skilled .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if I was able to produce love to produce , not just an adventure , but real love , love love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially that people asked the wrong question .
How do you know if we would follow together or not , and besides telling you ?
If the answer was not , do the experience of making these 36 interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal outreach among college students , using what Aron was called <unk> , progressive , reciprocal and reciprocal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants became closer after doing that , and several studies later , they also used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it among members of the police and the community of the community , and they 've used it between people of opposing policies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of eye contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts college , and then a student came up to me and he said to me with shyness and he did n't work .
He seemed puzzled for it .
And I said , `` You want to tell you about the person who you did it ? ''
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But got better friends ? ''
Did you feel that they did better get better than test the study ?
nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think that 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was basically my entire adult life , and he was my first true love , and I had no idea how or I could live without him .
So I turned to science .
And I did everything that I could find on the science of romantic love , and I expected that that would sort of come into the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did this for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if I was built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel like I felt .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence in demanding what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes what I 'm looking for .
What I 'm looking for love is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to continue to be loved by the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that media told about the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something 's risk to implicit , and this is a very attractive story , because in love with us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The story of the story that asks : still follow together ?
And his content with an answer of S or not .
So more than a question , would propose that we 're asking more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who 's not ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance them ?
How do you live with uncertainty that would inevitably lead to a relationship , or even more , how do you live in doubt about your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , fall in love with , still , and I 'm very happy .
But in love to fall in love is not the same thing to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote , `` Love did n't happen . ''
<unk> fall in love because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder to read it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered all that choice .
I did n't consider how many times we would have to make that decision , and how much I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose or not .
I want it to have done enough , and answered , you answered , have chosen to love somebody so generous , kind and fun and have expressed that election in the largest day in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really think about .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I 'm looking for , is that that myth will be true .
I want the happy ending implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the paper I actually did n't write .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by lesbian in full mountain , and in a way , I came up with a <unk> forest .
One that really affected me a time ago -- something that really affected me , but more details .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I 'll run a dollar bill , a feather , and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strangers or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and they 're going to figure out how our species will come up with ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , you 've got grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go on tour and surf and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took him all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> to this style Agnes , I covered the resin and a bee stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to grow in size , as if it went out of the text with a magnifying glass .
So what did I do ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started to add electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I would find on the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
Can I flow up <unk> , draw the same as you do around a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and I created my own taxonomy of specimens .
First , the botanical ones that you can get an idea .
And then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was really fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , sculptures of resin , with drawings of human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
So I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that make three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work was <unk> with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the `` triptych '' inspired me largely in `` The <unk> ' garden '' by Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the Museum of <unk> in Spain .
Do you know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a bit ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . I 'll get this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
It 's five feet long .
It 's about double expensive , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's kind of weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , there 's Jesus and the <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going from the world of representation , to this analog mesh mesh .
Here is where the creatures with heads of animals are headed to <unk> , lists to commit suicide , <unk> mass in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon platform -- <unk> platform -- the <unk> platform -- the refuge of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a aspect of the complaint .
It 's a little story .
That 's the hand in which it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds from this nose .
It also has a tail five feet long , a snake line that joins the triptych .
Anyway , its tail turn on fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball of <unk> made from terrorist attacks in 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were baseball baseball cards .
It takes me to my time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a <unk> project to do 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a file of our culture , through media and material is encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each act as a kind of an archive in a way of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , they divide .
And you can walk in between them . It 's bringing me years .
Each one is basically a microscope map that 's about <unk> pounds with a human being inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can download the input .
I 'm going to play you through the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and it covers the penis or a <unk> , or whatever it is , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There 's some pills that go out and enter the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called serendipity .
In this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio owner , a museum , a school , an editorial arm , which spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people inside each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box in which it 's living .
And together we get to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion of that we 're different , these concepts of countries , across borders , is not working .
We 're all very facts of the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start trading these things with sweetness , and we 're all going to be able to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when they hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so this pill have effect against pain , first happens in the stomach , the bowels and other organs .
I 'll take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system for any drug <unk> effect on the body .
The downside , though , is that by <unk> any drug has been diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these serve to decrease the number of virus in the blood , and increase the <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their side effects of adverse , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes you to get to the blood stream , they 're <unk> , and worse still for the time that it takes to get to the destination , which is where it 's more important : in the HIV storage .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't get easily into the bloodstream of the patients who are <unk> with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of the treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment for life run by the oral .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use it in dentistry , for caring for wounds and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can think of , including transportation .
In fact , we 're using pulses of laser to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and close to almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
You ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a powerful laser beam on the cell cell phone with HIV , whereas these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser cuts through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in just microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're now testing this technology in vitro or petri dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is : through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that feeds the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied armed groups , not state armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
You know what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators in violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to the nonviolent confrontation .
I do work in field , in the world of politics and in the library .
To understand these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between the states and actors .
For example , from the <unk> peace agreements in 1975 , and 2011 , <unk> was signed in between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , we even have to engage or engage in any resolution of successful conflict .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what these organizations are .
We know very well the reasons why they struggle , how do they do it , but no one sees what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and politics are not armed with them .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We can not understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for their violent encounter against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Hamas Palestinian , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They are multitasking .
We would have a complex machine of communication : radio stations , TV channels , websites and strategies on social networks .
And here 's this magazine ISIS , printed in English and published to recruit .
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising , no looting , but by profitable business -- for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they 're putting their professional training programs , or they 're going to resist .
<unk> offers all of these services and more .
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state does n't provide , security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in Afghanistan torn by war or even the beginning of ISIS union , can also understand the efforts of these groups of providing safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a disproportionate cost up to the population .
But in general , providing social services , means filling a vacuum , a wider gap by the government , and it allows these groups to strengthen their power and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 , the Palestinian Hamas can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyzed the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , strategy or long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They are grown because they were eating gaps left by government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in violent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated things are these organizations , we can less than something else to a state .
How do you call a group like <unk> ?
They 're part of a territory , they run all their functions , they collect the garbage , they run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , from nations without state and hybrids , and the weaker people are states , like in the Middle East today , more in and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups are going to have to invest more in military tools .
<unk> that governance vacuum has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and build peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we understand better what incentives to offer to foster violence to violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between states and actors , military power can make some battles , but we wo n't give peace and stability .
In order to achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that security gap , to fill up that local government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman , and as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality is <unk> , but I 'm afraid accepting the feminist label would be unfair to feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'm like a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling me the Bad <unk> .
So what it started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , connecting with men and hated sex .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people that might be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a word taboo and disgusting .
I 'm struck by a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or higher to a man .
Nobody wants to be the rebel woman , until she realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They 're doing the same wages for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free harassment or violence .
We have a right to use easy , accessible way and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without need for legislative controls or doctrines <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you need to have the other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We need to have to have these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are obvious , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music <unk> all volume .
Although the letter degrades the women , and it offends me deeply , the classic Kevin <unk> 's classic '' of yin yang is incredible .
`` Do that with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it up until it hurts the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man 's work , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> , the <unk> and the maintenance maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I think of fashion magazines and beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedy , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that make a reality .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband 's name , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his children , I accept that choice .
The problem is not that it becomes vulnerable to this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We 're a <unk> problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgendered women , in favor of white , heterosexual women .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It also happens : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put feminist feminist on a pedestal .
We expect perfection .
When we get excited , we take them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already consider that pedestal before trying to put myself in there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' by fear of what that sticker means , in fear of not being able to fulfill the very unusual expectations .
Let 's take <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess of Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a <unk> feminist .
In <unk> Music <unk> in 2014 , MTV , stood in front of the word `` feminist <unk> . ''
It was a wonderful show , looking at this pop star star embrace openly feminism and to know the women and the young men who will be a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started debates earlier , whether it was n't a feminist issue .
It 's about feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection from feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need so much .
We 're going much beyond the sensible criticism and constructive , to take the feminism of any woman , wreck it until it 's not left .
We do n't need to do that .
Bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We were going to recognize our imperfections to give bills , to move into action and to be a little bit more courageous .
If I hear music degrading , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be happier that they would be happier by providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they were changing the change actually affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice .
But when bad decisions do this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think in my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two great , wonderful little girls , and also very brave , I want to grow in a world .
Where they are being appreciated by strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is seen as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is about sexual violence against women as sports , and I 'll have a <unk> Game .
We can change the radio plug when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to movies in another part when movies are n't treated as women as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as sacks .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexual men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , to participate in their project , or work with you , until they do n't include a number of women , so much to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until their publication , or their organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> , but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to be included as much as we are welcome to overcome barriers to decision decisions .
We 're not <unk> anymore . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions will get to the top , the people in the power of directors and music producers and music and the CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create durable and significant change .
We can also affirm our feminism , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' says , `` Would you rather be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially , because of my voice , my voice was stolen and feminism helped me .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
And a few guys would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me like anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm going to build my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have brown skin .
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and of feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little courageous , another woman could hear me and see me and see that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other , I hold the reality as humbling as I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little courageous , when you need such a courage .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles to have visited Disneyland or being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that may be fatal to a child with a <unk> system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but a lot of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed the argument about autism and the <unk> vaccines , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud for the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe the most intelligent scientists that vaccines do autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world continue to agree that vaccines will put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rise of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about her thought about her creating a professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued stable three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started <unk> .
fundraising managers like <unk> <unk> are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If it 's not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's going on , tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic '' and `` a better case detection , '' to explain these growing figures .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who is looking at the face of his two-year-old son , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so <unk> at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious about the science that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here , and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> at Johns Hopkins Hospital , and in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked into private worlds , <unk> people around , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands on their faces , but they were prey to panic , as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patient patients in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , he declared that there were less than 150 true cases of their syndrome as we pick up references of places as distant as South Africa .
This is actually no wonder , because the criteria for autism diagnosis was very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with seizures , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their doctor 's office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
It <unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've kept carefully in a refrigerator that they did n't get away .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that put together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before they turned the two years old .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like children were simply regurgitating out what they had heard their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of embarrassment for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the <unk> theory of autism .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mothers 's mother 's theory was pretty stupid .
She and her husband John was warm and warm people , and they had a profound autistic daughter called Christmas .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as <unk> without support services , no special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service for the National Service , more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
It was a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What you saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination for astrophysics , in the dinosaurs or the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful frames , and <unk> , as Judith said , and you saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost by trying to make sense of their data .
How did nobody ever realized these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article that was published in German in 1944 , the next year to the <unk> article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article about the competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even a translation of English , but luckily , the husband of <unk> spoke German , and he translated it to her .
The document provides an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who ran an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The idea of Asperger 's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were even known for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with exercises of exercises with music , and kids followed their games on Sundays .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's as a <unk> disability of life that required and <unk> forms of support and <unk> spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he got to help in developing methods of education that they 're particularly suited for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a continuous continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in events that are known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the professor are distracted .
He was beyond even saying , for success in science and art , a grain of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that he was wrong that autism was wrong , so that the parents were <unk> , so the parents were the hell .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American American Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the 1980s and early '90s , their changes came into force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive model .
These changes did n't fall into broken bag .
I believe , when I <unk> and Judith came back to reshape these criteria , people around the world saw an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he came out `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable performance performance in Hoffman as Raymond <unk> and the recognition of Rain , with four awards on the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents .
At the same time , the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism consciousness .
The number of diagnostics started to rise , just like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact hoped that this was , making people with autism and their families finally get their support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for increasing diagnostics -- a simple , powerful story , and seductive history as bad as the <unk> theory of autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention of prevention in America are right in the spectrum , it 's right , the <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for the new medical advances , and they would call them the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's rotates .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social reasoning , and it suffers from a attention deficit .
Indeed , autistic people have a hard time to live in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which believed that the cure for the most autism aspects of autism are in understanding teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once once said , `` We need all the hands on deck of the human ship . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
